Selegiline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
postural JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
: : O
a DT O
longitudinal JJ O
study NN O
on IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
drug NN O
withdrawal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
The DT O
United NNP O
Kingdom NNP O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNP I-Disease
Disease NNP I-Disease
Research NNP O
Group NNP O
( : O
UKPDRG NNP O
) -RRB- O
trial NN O
found VBD O
an DT O
increased VBN O
mortality NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
PD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
randomized VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
10 CD O
mg NN O
selegiline NN O
per IN O
day NN O
and CC O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
taking VBG O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recently RB O
, , O
we PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
selegiline NN O
and CC O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
selective JJ O
systolic JJ B-Disease
orthostatic JJ I-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
which WDT O
was VBD O
abolished VBN O
by IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
selegiline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
unwanted JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
postural JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
the DT O
result NN O
of IN O
underlying JJ O
autonomic JJ O
failure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aims NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
were VBD O
to TO O
confirm VB O
our PRP$ O
previous JJ O
findings NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
separate JJ O
cohort NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
and CC O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
time NN O
course NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cardiovascular JJ O
consequences NNS O
of IN O
stopping VBG O
selegiline NN O
in IN O
the DT O
expectation NN O
that IN O
this DT O
might MD O
shed VB O
light NN O
on IN O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
by IN O
which WDT O
the DT O
drug NN O
causes VBZ O
orthostatic JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
cardiovascular JJ O
responses NNS O
to IN O
standing NN O
and CC O
head NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
tilt NN O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
repeatedly RB O
in IN O
PD NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
selegiline NN O
and CC O
as IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
was VBD O
withdrawn VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Head NN O
- HYPH O
up RP O
tilt NN O
caused VBD O
systolic JJ B-Disease
orthostatic JJ I-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
which WDT O
was VBD O
marked VBN O
in IN O
six CD O
of IN O
20 CD O
PD NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
on IN O
selegiline NN O
, , O
one CD O
of IN O
whom WP O
lost VBD O
consciousness NN O
with IN O
unrecordable JJ O
blood NN O
pressures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
lesser JJR O
degree NN O
of IN O
orthostatic JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
with IN O
standing NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Orthostatic JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
was VBD O
ameliorated VBN O
4 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
selegiline NN O
and CC O
totally RB O
abolished VBN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Stopping VBG O
selegiline NN O
also RB O
significantly RB O
reduced VBD B-Disease
the DT I-Disease
supine JJ I-Disease
systolic JJ I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
diastolic JJ I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressures NNS I-Disease
consistent JJ O
with IN O
a DT O
previously RB O
undescribed VBN O
supine JJ O
pressor NN O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
confirms VBZ O
our PRP$ O
previous JJ O
finding NN O
that IN O
selegiline NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
selective JJ O
orthostatic JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possibilities NNS O
that IN O
these DT O
cardiovascular JJ O
findings NNS O
might MD O
be VB O
the DT O
result NN O
of IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
monoamine NN O
oxidase NN O
or CC O
of IN O
amphetamine NN O
and CC O
metamphetamine NN O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
studies NNS O
on IN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
irrigation NN O
solutions NNS O
on IN O
rat NN O
bladders NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
studies NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
certain JJ O
irrigating VBG O
fluids NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
bladder NN O
for IN O
18 CD O
hours NNS O
are VBP O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
have VBP O
shown VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
degradation NN O
product NN O
p NN O
- HYPH O
choloroaniline NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
a DT O
significant JJ O
factor NN O
in IN O
chlorhexidine NN O
- HYPH O
digluconate NN O
associated VBN O
erosive JJ O
cystitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
high JJ O
percentage NN O
of IN O
kanamycin NN O
- HYPH O
colistin NN O
and CC O
povidone NN O
- HYPH O
iodine NN O
irrigations NNS O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
erosive JJ O
cystitis NN B-Disease
and CC O
suggested VBD O
a DT O
possible JJ O
complication NN O
with IN O
human JJ O
usage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Picloxydine NN O
irrigations NNS O
appeared VBD O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
lower JJR O
incidence NN O
of IN O
erosive JJ O
cystitis NN B-Disease
but CC O
further JJ O
studies NNS O
would MD O
have VB O
to TO O
be VB O
performed VBN O
before IN O
it PRP O
could MD O
be VB O
recommended VBN O
for IN O
use NN O
in IN O
urological JJ O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
tetrandrine NN O
and CC O
fangchinoline NN O
on IN O
experimental JJ O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
and CC O
human JJ O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tetrandrine NNP O
( , O
TET NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
fangchinoline NN O
( , O
FAN NNP O
) -RRB- O
are VBP O
two CD O
naturally RB O
occurring VBG O
analogues NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
bisbenzylisoquinoline NN O
structure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
TET NNP O
and CC O
FAN NNP O
on IN O
the DT O
experimental JJ O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
collagen NN O
plus CC O
epinephrine NN O
( -LRB- O
EP NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
mice NNS O
, , O
and CC O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregation NN I-Disease
and CC O
blood NN B-Disease
coagulation NN I-Disease
in IN O
vitro NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
in IN O
vivo NN O
study NN O
, , O
the DT O
administration NN O
( , O
50 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
TET NNP O
and CC O
FAN NNP O
in IN O
mice NNS O
showed VBD O
the DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
by IN O
55 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
35 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
while IN O
acetylsalicylic NN O
acid NN O
( , O
ASA NNP O
, , O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
positive JJ O
control NN O
, , O
showed VBD O
only RB O
30 CD O
% NN O
inhibition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
vitro JJ O
human JJ O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregations NNS I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
agonists NNS O
used VBN O
in IN O
tests NNS O
, , O
TET NNP O
and CC O
FAN NNP O
showed VBD O
the DT O
inhibitions NNS O
dose VBP O
dependently RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
neither CC O
TET NNP O
nor CC O
FAN NNP O
showed VBD O
any DT O
anticoagulation NN O
activities NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
measurement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
activated VBN O
partial JJ O
thromboplastin NN O
time NN O
( , O
APTT NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
prothrombin NN O
time NN O
( -LRB- O
PT NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
thrombin NN O
time NN O
( -LRB- O
TT NNP O
) -RRB- O
using VBG O
human NN O
- HYPH O
citrated VBN O
plasma NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
antithrombosis NN O
of IN O
TET NNP O
and CC O
FAN NNP O
in IN O
mice NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
mainly RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
antiplatelet JJ O
aggregation NN O
activities NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angioedema NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
ACE NNP O
inhibitors NNS O
: : O
common JJ O
and CC O
inadequately RB O
diagnosed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
estimated VBN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
angioedema NN B-Disease
during IN O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
( -LRB- O
ACE NN O
) -RRB- O
inhibitor NN O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
between IN O
1 CD O
and CC O
7 CD O
per IN O
thousand CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
potentially RB O
serious JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
is VBZ O
often RB O
preceded VBN O
by IN O
minor JJ O
manifestations NNS O
that WDT O
may MD O
serve VB O
as IN O
a DT O
warning NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
mood NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
: : O
prevalence NN O
rates NNS O
and CC O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS O
in IN O
an DT O
outpatient JJ O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
sample NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
paper NN O
attempts VBZ O
to TO O
examine VB O
and CC O
compare VB O
prevalence NN O
rates NNS O
and CC O
symptom NN O
patterns NNS O
of IN O
DSM NNP O
substance NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
and CC O
other JJ O
mood NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
243 CD O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
outpatients NNS O
with IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
mood NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
CIMD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
other JJ O
mood NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
, , O
or CC O
no DT O
mood NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
were VBD O
compared VBN O
on IN O
measures NNS O
of IN O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
prevalence NN O
rate NN O
for IN O
CIMD NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
12 CD O
% NN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Introduction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
DSM NNP O
- HYPH O
IV NN O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
CIMD NNP B-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
substantially RB O
affect VB O
rates NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
depressive JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
with IN O
CIMD NNP B-Disease
had VBD O
symptom NN O
severity NN O
levels NNS O
between IN O
those DT O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
a DT O
mood NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
some DT O
validity NN O
for IN O
the DT O
new JJ O
DSM NNP O
- HYPH O
IV NN O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
CIMD NNP B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
also RB O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
it PRP O
requires VBZ O
further JJ O
specification NN O
and CC O
replication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
fucoidan JJ O
treatment NN O
on IN O
collagenase NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
intracerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Inflammatory JJ O
cells NNS O
are VBP O
postulated VBN O
to TO O
mediate VB O
some DT O
of IN O
the DT O
brain NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
following VBG O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
stroke NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
more JJR O
inflammation NN B-Disease
than IN O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
stroke NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
tested VBD O
the DT O
sulfated VBN O
polysaccharide NN O
fucoidan NN O
, , O
which WDT O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to TO O
reduce VB O
inflammatory JJ O
brain NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
, , O
in IN O
a DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
of IN O
intracerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
bacterial JJ O
collagenase NN O
into IN O
the DT O
caudate NN O
nucleus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
seven CD O
day NN O
intravenous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
fucoidan NN O
( , O
30 CD O
micrograms NNS O
h CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) SYM O
or CC O
vehicle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hematoma NN B-Disease
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
vivo NN O
by IN O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Motor NN O
behavior NN O
, , O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
, , O
and CC O
skilled JJ O
forelimb NN O
function NN O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
repeatedly RB O
for IN O
six CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fucoidan NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
exhibited VBD O
evidence NN O
of IN O
impaired VBN B-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
clotting NN I-Disease
and CC O
hemodilution NN B-Disease
, , O
had VBD O
larger JJR O
hematomas NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
tended VBD O
to TO O
have VB O
less JJR O
inflammation NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
vicinity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hematoma NN B-Disease
after IN O
three CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
showed VBD O
significantly RB O
more RBR O
rapid JJ O
improvement NN O
of IN O
motor NN O
function NN O
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
week NN O
following VBG O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
and CC O
better JJR O
memory NN O
retention NN O
in IN O
the DT O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
white JJ B-Disease
matter NN I-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
and CC O
eventual JJ O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
adjacent JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
hematoma NN B-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Investigation NN O
of IN O
more RBR O
specific JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
agents NNS O
and CC O
hemodiluting NN O
agents NNS O
are VBP O
warranted VBN O
in IN O
intracerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurarization NN O
in IN O
the DT O
recovery NN O
room NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
recurarization NN O
in IN O
the DT O
recovery NN O
room NN O
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Accumulation NN O
of IN O
atracurium NN O
in IN O
the DT O
intravenous JJ O
line NN O
led VBD O
to IN O
recurarization NN O
after IN O
flushing VBG O
the DT O
line NN O
in IN O
the DT O
recovery NN O
room NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
with IN O
severe JJ O
desaturation NN B-Disease
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Circumstances NNS O
leading VBG O
to IN O
this DT O
event NN O
and CC O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
enabling VBG O
a DT O
neuromuscular JJ B-Disease
blockade NN I-Disease
to TO O
occur VB O
, , O
following VBG O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
a DT O
small JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
relaxant NN O
, , O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
haemodynamic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
propofol NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
ephedrine NN O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
( , O
ASA NNP O
groups NNS O
3 CD O
and CC O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
marked JJ O
vasodilator NN O
and CC O
negative JJ O
inotropic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
propofol NN O
are VBP O
disadvantages NNS O
in IN O
frail JJ O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
safety NN O
and CC O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
adding VBG O
different JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
ephedrine NN O
to IN O
propofol NN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
obtund VB O
the DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
haemodynamic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
adding VBG O
15 CD O
, , O
20 CD O
or CC O
25 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
ephedrine NN O
to IN O
200 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
propofol NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
to IN O
control NN O
in IN O
40 CD O
ASA NNP O
3 CD O
/ SYM O
4 CD O
patients NNS O
over IN O
60 CD O
years NNS O
presenting VBG O
for IN O
genito JJ O
- HYPH O
urinary JJ O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
ephedrine NN O
to IN O
propofol NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
an DT O
effective JJ O
method NN O
of IN O
obtunding VBG O
the DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
response NN O
to IN O
propofol NN O
at IN O
all DT O
doses NNS O
used VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
marked JJ O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
ephedrine NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
propofol NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
majority NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
, , O
occasionally RB O
reaching VBG O
high JJ O
levels NNS O
in IN O
individual JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Due IN O
to IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
this DT O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
inducing VBG O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
would MD O
not RB O
recommend VB O
the DT O
use NN O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
of IN O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
ephedrine NN O
/ SYM O
propofol NN O
/ SYM O
mixtures NNS O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gemcitabine NN O
plus CC O
vinorelbine NN O
in IN O
nonsmall JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
lung NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
age NN O
70 CD O
years NNS O
or CC O
older JJR O
or CC O
patients NNS O
who WP O
cannot MD O
receive VB O
cisplatin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oncopaz NNP O
Cooperative NNP O
Group NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Although IN O
the DT O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
nonsmall JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
lung NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
high JJ O
among IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
few JJ O
data NNS O
are VBP O
available JJ O
regarding VBG O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
in IN O
this DT O
group NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recent JJ O
reports NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
single JJ O
agent NN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
vinorelbine NN O
( , O
VNB NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
gemcitabine NN O
( -LRB- O
GEM NNP O
) -RRB- O
may MD O
obtain VB O
a DT O
response NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
20 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
with IN O
acceptable JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
improvement NN O
in IN O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
current JJ O
study NN O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
GEM NNP O
and CC O
VNB NN O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
or CC O
those DT O
with IN O
some DT O
contraindication NN O
to IN O
receiving VBG O
cisplatin NN O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
nine CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
included VBN O
, , O
38 CD O
of IN O
whom WP O
were VBD O
age NN O
> SYM O
/ SYM O
= SYM O
70 CD O
years NNS O
and CC O
11 CD O
were VBD O
age NN O
< : O
70 CD O
years NNS O
but CC O
who WP O
had VBD O
some DT O
contraindication NN O
to IN O
receiving VBG O
cisplatin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
evaluable JJ O
for IN O
response NN O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
was VBD O
comprised VBN O
of IN O
VNB NNP O
, , O
25 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
plus CC O
GEM NNP O
, , O
1000 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
both CC O
on IN O
Days NNS O
1 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
, , O
and CC O
15 CD O
every DT O
28 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
received VBD O
a DT O
minimum NN O
of IN O
three CD O
courses NNS O
unless IN O
progressive JJ O
disease NN O
was VBD O
detected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
One CD O
hundred CD O
sixty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
courses NNS O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
median NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
6 CD O
courses NNS O
per IN O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
overall JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
26 CD O
% NN O
( , O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
15 CD O
- SYM O
41 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
attained VBD O
a DT O
complete JJ O
response NN O
( : O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
22 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
achieved VBD O
a DT O
partial JJ O
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eastern NNP O
Cooperative NNP O
Oncology NNP O
Group NNP O
performance NN O
status NN O
improved VBD O
in IN O
35 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
those DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
an DT O
initial JJ O
value NN O
> SYM O
0 CD O
, , O
whereas IN O
relief NN O
of IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
1 CD O
symptom NN O
without IN O
worsening VBG O
of IN O
other JJ O
symptoms NNS O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
27 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
55 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
median JJ O
time NN O
to IN O
progression NN O
was VBD O
16 CD O
weeks NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
survival NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
33 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Toxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
mild JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
12 CD O
% NN O
) , O
had VBD O
World NNP O
Health NNP O
Organization NNP O
Grade NNP O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
, , O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
Grade NNP O
3 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
Grade NNP O
3 CD O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
( : O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
died VBD O
of IN O
sepsis NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
median JJ O
age NN O
of IN O
those DT O
patients NNS O
developing VBG O
Grade NNP O
3 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
patients NNS O
( , O
75 CD O
years NNS O
vs RB O
. . O
72 CD O
years NNS O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
047 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
GEM NNP O
and CC O
VNB NNP O
is VBZ O
moderately RB O
active JJ O
and CC O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
except IN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
age NN O
> SYM O
/ SYM O
= SYM O
75 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
age NN O
group NN O
had VBD O
an DT O
increased JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
myelosuppression NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
the DT O
prophylactic JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
granulocyte NN O
- HYPH O
colony NN O
stimulating VBG O
factor NN O
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
with IN O
this DT O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
New JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
combinations NNS O
with IN O
higher JJR O
activity NN O
and CC O
lower JJR O
toxicity NN B-Disease
are VBP O
needed VBN O
for IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
selective JJ O
dopamine NN O
D4 NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
NRA0160 NNP O
: : O
a DT O
preclinical JJ O
neuropharmacological JJ O
profile NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NRA0160 NNP O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorobenzylidene NN O
) SYM O
piperidin NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
yl NN O
) , O
ethyl NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
( , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorophenyl NN O
) , O
thiazole NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
carboxamide NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
a DT O
high JJ O
affinity NN O
for IN O
human JJ O
cloned VBN O
dopamine NN O
D4 NNP O
. . O
2 CD O
, , O
D4 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
and CC O
D4 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
receptors NNS O
, , O
with IN O
Ki NNP O
values NNS O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
nM NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NRA0160 NNP O
is VBZ O
over IN O
20 CD O
, , O
000fold CD O
more RBR O
potent JJ O
at IN O
the DT O
dopamine NN O
D4 NNP O
. . O
2 CD O
receptor NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
human JJ O
cloned VBN O
dopamine NN O
D2L NNP O
receptor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NRA0160 NNP O
has VBZ O
negligible JJ O
affinity NN O
for IN O
the DT O
human JJ O
cloned VBN O
dopamine NN O
D3 NNP O
receptor NN O
( , O
Ki NNP O
= SYM O
39 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
rat NN O
serotonin NN O
( , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
) SYM O
2A NN O
receptors NNS O
( -LRB- O
Ki NNP O
= SYM O
180 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
rat NN O
alpha1 NN O
adrenoceptor NN O
( HYPH O
Ki NN O
= SYM O
237 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NRA0160 NN O
and CC O
clozapine NN O
antagonized VBD O
locomotor NN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
methamphetamine NN O
( -LRB- O
MAP NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NRA0160 NNP O
and CC O
clozapine NN O
antagonized VBD O
MAP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
stereotyped VBN O
behavior NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
, , O
although IN O
their PRP$ O
effects NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
exceed VB O
50 CD O
% NN O
inhibition NN O
, , O
even RB O
at IN O
the DT O
highest JJS O
dose NN O
given VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NRA0160 NNP O
and CC O
clozapine NN O
significantly RB O
induced VBD O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
although IN O
their PRP$ O
effects NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
exceed VB O
50 CD O
% NN O
induction NN O
even RB O
at IN O
the DT O
highest JJS O
dose NN O
given VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NRA0160 NN O
and CC O
clozapine NN O
significantly RB O
reversed VBD O
the DT O
disruption NN O
of IN O
prepulse JJ O
inhibition NN O
( -LRB- O
PPI NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
rats NNS O
produced VBN O
by IN O
apomorphine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NRA0160 NNP O
and CC O
clozapine NN O
significantly RB O
shortened VBD O
the DT O
phencyclidine NN O
( , O
PCP NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
prolonged VBN O
swimming NN O
latency NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
water NN O
maze NN O
task NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
NRA0160 NNP O
may MD O
have VB O
unique JJ O
antipsychotic JJ O
activities NNS O
without IN O
the DT O
liability NN O
of IN O
motor NN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
typical JJ O
of IN O
classical JJ O
antipsychotics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
accelerated VBN O
by IN O
growth NN O
and CC O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
studies NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
growth NN O
and CC O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
treatment NN O
enhance VBP O
the DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
given VBN O
sufficient JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
Warfarin NNP O
to TO O
inhibit VB O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
carboxylation NN O
of IN O
matrix NN O
Gla NNP O
protein NN O
, , O
a DT O
calcification NN B-Disease
inhibitor NN O
known VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
expressed VBN O
by IN O
smooth JJ O
muscle NN O
cells NNS O
and CC O
macrophages NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
artery NN O
wall NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
first JJ O
series NN O
of IN O
experiments NNS O
examined VBD O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
age NN O
and CC O
growth NN O
status NN O
on IN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
in IN O
Warfarin NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
for IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
with IN O
Warfarin NNP O
caused VBD O
massive JJ O
focal JJ O
calcification NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
media NNS O
in IN O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
rats NNS O
and CC O
less RBR O
extensive JJ O
focal JJ O
calcification NN B-Disease
in IN O
42 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
no DT O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
could MD O
be VB O
detected VBN O
in IN O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
adult NN O
rats NNS O
even RB O
after IN O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
Warfarin NNP O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
directly RB O
examine VB O
the DT O
importance NN O
of IN O
growth NN O
to IN O
Warfarin NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
in IN O
animals NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
age NN O
, , O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
fed VBN O
for IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
either CC O
an DT O
ad NN O
libitum NN O
diet NN O
or CC O
a DT O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
g NN O
/ SYM O
d NN O
restricted VBN O
diet NN O
that WDT O
maintains VBZ O
weight NN O
but CC O
prevents VBZ O
growth NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Concurrent JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
both DT O
dietary JJ O
groups NNS O
with IN O
Warfarin NNP O
produced VBD O
massive JJ O
focal JJ O
calcification NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
media NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
ad NN O
libitum NN O
- HYPH O
fed VBN O
rats NNS O
but CC O
no DT O
detectable JJ O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
restricted VBN O
- HYPH O
diet NN O
, , O
growth NN O
- HYPH O
inhibited VBN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
explanation NN O
for IN O
the DT O
association NN O
between IN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
and CC O
growth NN O
status NN O
cannot MD O
be VB O
determined VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
higher JJR O
serum NN O
phosphate NN O
and CC O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
, , O
with IN O
30 CD O
% NN O
higher JJR O
levels NNS O
of IN O
serum NN O
phosphate NN O
in IN O
young JJ O
, , O
ad NN O
libitum NN O
- HYPH O
fed VBN O
rats NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
either DT O
of IN O
the DT O
groups NNS O
that WDT O
was VBD O
resistant JJ O
to IN O
Warfarin NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
, , O
ie RB O
, , O
the DT O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
rats NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
restricted VBN O
- HYPH O
diet NN O
, , O
growth NN O
- HYPH O
inhibited VBN O
young JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
observation NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
increased VBN O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
Warfarin NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
could MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
higher JJR O
serum NN O
phosphate NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
second JJ O
set NN O
of IN O
experiments NNS O
examined VBD O
the DT O
possible JJ O
synergy NN O
between IN O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
and CC O
Warfarin NNP O
in IN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
are VBP O
known VBN O
to TO O
cause VB O
calcification NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
media NNS O
in IN O
as RB O
little JJ O
as IN O
3 CD O
to TO O
4 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
vitamin NN O
K NNP O
antagonist NN O
Warfarin NNP O
are VBP O
also RB O
known VBN O
to TO O
cause VB O
calcification NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
media NNS O
, , O
but CC O
at IN O
treatment NN O
times NNS O
of IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
or CC O
longer RBR O
yet RB O
not RB O
at IN O
1 CD O
week NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
current JJ O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
synergy NN O
between IN O
these DT O
2 CD O
treatments NNS O
and CC O
found VBD O
that IN O
concurrent JJ O
Warfarin NNP O
administration NN O
dramatically RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
calcification NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
media NNS O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
at IN O
3 CD O
and CC O
4 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
close JJ O
parallel NN O
between IN O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
dose NN O
on IN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
dose NN O
on IN O
the DT O
elevation NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
calcium NN O
, , O
which WDT O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
may MD O
induce VB O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
through IN O
its PRP$ O
effect NN O
on IN O
serum NN O
calcium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
Warfarin JJ O
treatment NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
elevation NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
calcium NN O
produced VBN O
by IN O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
, , O
the DT O
synergy NN O
between IN O
Warfarin NN O
and CC O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
is VBZ O
probably RB O
best RBS O
explained VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
Warfarin NNP O
inhibits VBZ O
the DT O
activity NN O
of IN O
matrix NN O
Gla NNP O
protein NN O
as IN O
a DT O
calcification NN B-Disease
inhibitor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
matrix NN O
Gla NNP O
protein NN O
are VBP O
found VBN O
at IN O
sites NNS O
of IN O
artery NN B-Disease
calcification NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
plus CC O
Warfarin NNP O
, , O
and CC O
chemical NN O
analysis NN O
showed VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
protein NN O
that WDT O
accumulated VBD O
was VBD O
indeed RB O
not RB O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
carboxylated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
observations NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
although IN O
the DT O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
carboxyglutamate NN O
residues NNS O
of IN O
matrix NN O
Gla NNP O
protein NN O
are VBP O
apparently RB O
required VBN O
for IN O
its PRP$ O
function NN O
as IN O
a DT O
calcification NN B-Disease
inhibitor NN O
, , O
they PRP O
are VBP O
not RB O
required VBN O
for IN O
its PRP$ O
accumulation NN O
at IN O
calcification NN B-Disease
sites NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Test NN O
conditions NNS O
influence VBP O
the DT O
response NN O
to IN O
a DT O
drug NN O
challenge NN O
in IN O
rodents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
studies NNS O
were VBD O
conducted VBN O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
differential JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
a DT O
drug NN O
challenge NN O
under IN O
varied JJ O
experimental JJ O
test NN O
conditions NNS O
routinely RB O
employed VBN O
to TO O
study VB O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
behavioral JJ O
and CC O
neurophysiological JJ O
responses NNS O
in IN O
rodents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Apomorphine NNP O
, , O
a DT O
nonselective JJ O
dopamine NN O
agonist NN O
, , O
was VBD O
selected VBN O
due IN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
biphasic JJ O
behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
its PRP$ O
ability NN O
to TO O
induce VB O
hypothermia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
to TO O
produce VB O
distinct JJ O
changes NNS O
to IN O
dopamine NN O
turnover NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rodent JJ O
brain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
such JJ O
experiments NNS O
there EX O
is VBZ O
evidence NN O
that IN O
characterization NN O
and CC O
detection NN O
of IN O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
activity NN O
in IN O
rodents NNS O
critically RB O
depends VBZ O
upon IN O
the DT O
test NN O
conditions NNS O
employed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
detection NN O
of IN O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
facilitated VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
acclimatization NN O
to IN O
the DT O
test NN O
conditions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
test NN O
conditions NNS O
can MD O
impact VB O
upon IN O
other JJ O
physiological JJ O
responses NNS O
to IN O
apomorphine NN O
such JJ O
as IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypothermia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
mice NNS O
, , O
apomorphine NN O
produced VBD O
qualitatively RB O
different JJ O
responses NNS O
under IN O
novel JJ O
conditions NNS O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
to IN O
those DT O
behaviors NNS O
elicited VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
home NN O
test NN O
cage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
gross JJ O
activity NN O
counts VBZ O
were VBD O
increased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
novel JJ O
exploratory JJ O
box NN O
only RB O
, , O
while IN O
measures NNS O
of IN O
stereotypic JJ O
behavior NN O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
in IN O
both DT O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotion NN O
was VBD O
more RBR O
prominent JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
novel NN O
exploratory JJ O
box NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dopamine NN O
turnover NN O
ratios NNS O
( -LRB- O
DOPAC NNP O
: : O
DA NNP O
and CC O
HVA NNP O
: : O
DA NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
lower JJR O
in IN O
those DT O
animals NNS O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
exploratory JJ O
box NN O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
to IN O
their PRP$ O
home NN O
cage NN O
counterparts NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
reductions NNS O
in IN O
striatal JJ O
dopamine NN O
turnover NN O
were VBD O
detected VBN O
in IN O
both CC O
novel JJ O
and CC O
home NN O
cage NN O
environments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
implications NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
findings NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
with IN O
particular JJ O
emphasis NN O
upon IN O
conducting VBG O
psychopharmacological JJ O
challenge NN O
tests NNS O
in IN O
rodents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemolysis NN B-Disease
of IN O
human JJ O
erythrocytes NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
tamoxifen NN O
is VBZ O
related VBN O
to IN O
disruption NN O
of IN O
membrane NN O
structure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tamoxifen NNP O
( , O
TAM NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
antiestrogenic JJ O
drug NN O
most RBS O
widely RB O
prescribed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
chemotherapy NN O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
induces VBZ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
normal JJ O
discoid NN O
shape NN O
of IN O
erythrocytes NNS O
and CC O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
work NN O
evaluates VBZ O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
TAM NNP O
on IN O
isolated VBN O
human JJ O
erythrocytes NNS O
, , O
attempting VBG O
to TO O
identify VB O
the DT O
underlying VBG O
mechanisms NNS O
on IN O
TAM NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
involvement NN O
of IN O
biomembranes NNS O
in IN O
its PRP$ O
cytostatic JJ O
action NN O
mechanisms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TAM NNP O
induces VBZ O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
of IN O
erythrocytes NNS O
as IN O
a DT O
function NN O
of IN O
concentration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
extension NN O
of IN O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
variable JJ O
with IN O
erythrocyte NN O
samples NNS O
, , O
but CC O
12 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microM NN O
TAM NN O
induces VBZ O
total JJ O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
of IN O
all DT O
tested VBN O
suspensions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
inducing VBG O
extensive JJ O
erythrocyte NN O
lysis NN O
, , O
TAM NNP O
does VBZ O
not RB O
shift VB O
the DT O
osmotic JJ O
fragility NN O
curves NNS O
of IN O
erythrocytes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
TAM NNP O
is VBZ O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
low JJ O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
tocopherol NN O
( , O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
T NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
tocopherol NN O
acetate NN O
( , O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
TAc NN O
) -RRB- O
( , O
inactivated VBN O
functional JJ O
hydroxyl NN O
) , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
TAM NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
oxidative JJ O
membrane NN O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
further RB O
evidenced VBN O
by IN O
absence NN O
of IN O
oxygen NN O
consumption NN O
and CC O
hemoglobin NN O
oxidation NN O
both DT O
determined VBN O
in IN O
parallel NN O
with IN O
TAM NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
it PRP O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
that IN O
TAM NNP O
inhibits VBZ O
the DT O
peroxidation NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
erythrocytes NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
AAPH NNP O
, , O
thus RB O
ruling VBG O
out RP O
TAM NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cell NN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemolysis NNP B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
TAM NNP O
was VBD O
not RB O
preceded VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
leakage NN O
of IN O
K NNP O
( : O
+ CC O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
the DT O
cells NNS O
, , O
also RB O
excluding VBG O
a DT O
colloid NN O
- HYPH O
osmotic JJ O
type NN O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
, , O
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
on IN O
osmotic JJ O
fragility NN O
curves NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
TAM NNP O
induces VBZ O
release NN O
of IN O
peripheral JJ O
proteins NNS O
of IN O
membrane NN O
- HYPH O
cytoskeleton NN O
and CC O
cytosol NN O
proteins NNS O
essentially RB O
bound VBN O
to IN O
band NN O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Either CC O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
T NN O
or CC O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
TAc NNP O
increases VBZ O
membrane NN O
packing NN O
and CC O
prevents VBZ O
TAM NNP O
partition NN O
into IN O
model NN O
membranes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
effects NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
protection NN O
from IN O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
by IN O
tocopherols NNS O
is VBZ O
related VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
decreased VBN O
TAM NN O
incorporation NN O
in IN O
condensed JJ O
membranes NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
structural JJ O
damage NN O
of IN O
the DT O
erythrocyte NN O
membrane NN O
is VBZ O
consequently RB O
avoided VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
TAM NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
results VBZ O
from IN O
a DT O
structural JJ O
perturbation NN O
of IN O
red JJ O
cell NN O
membrane NN O
, , O
leading VBG O
to IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
framework NN O
of IN O
the DT O
erythrocyte NN O
membrane NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
cytoskeleton NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
its PRP$ O
high JJ O
partition NN O
in IN O
the DT O
membrane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
defects NNS O
explain VBP O
the DT O
abnormal JJ O
erythrocyte JJ O
shape NN O
and CC O
decreased VBN O
mechanical JJ O
stability NN O
promoted VBN O
by IN O
TAM NNP O
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additionally RB O
, , O
since IN O
membrane NN O
leakage NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
final JJ O
stage NN O
of IN O
cytotoxicity NN O
, , O
the DT O
disruption NN O
of IN O
the DT O
structural JJ O
characteristics NNS O
of IN O
biomembranes NNS O
by IN O
TAM NNP O
may MD O
contribute VB O
to IN O
the DT O
multiple JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
anticancer JJ O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Changes NNS O
of IN O
sodium NN O
and CC O
ATP NN O
affinities NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
cardiac JJ O
( HYPH O
Na NNP O
, , O
K NNP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
ATPase NN O
during IN O
and CC O
after IN O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
deficient JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
cardiovascular JJ O
system NN O
, , O
NO NNP O
is VBZ O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
regulation NN O
of IN O
a DT O
variety NN O
of IN O
functions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Inhibition NN O
of IN O
NO NNP O
synthesis NN O
induces VBZ O
sustained JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
several JJ O
models NNS O
of IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
elevation NN O
of IN O
intracellular JJ O
sodium NN O
level NN O
was VBD O
documented VBN O
in IN O
cardiac JJ O
tissue NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
molecular JJ O
basis NN O
of IN O
disturbances NNS O
in IN O
transmembraneous JJ O
transport NN O
of IN O
Na NNP O
+ CC O
, , O
we PRP O
studied VBD O
the DT O
response NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
( , O
Na NNP O
, , O
K NNP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
ATPase NN O
to IN O
NO NN O
- HYPH O
deficient JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
by IN O
NO NNP O
- HYPH O
synthase NN O
inhibition NN O
with IN O
40 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
N NNP O
( HYPH O
G NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
nitro NN O
- HYPH O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
methyl NN O
ester NN O
( : O
L NN O
- HYPH O
NAME NNP O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
4 CD O
four CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
administration NN O
of IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
NAME NNP O
, , O
the DT O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
SBP NNP O
) -RRB- O
increased VBD O
by IN O
36 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
terminating VBG O
the DT O
treatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
SBP NNP O
recovered VBD O
to TO O
control VB O
value NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
activating VBG O
the DT O
( , O
Na NNP O
, , O
K NNP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
ATPase NNP O
with IN O
its PRP$ O
substrate NN O
ATP NNP O
, , O
no DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
Km NNP O
and CC O
Vmax NNP O
values NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
NO NNP O
- HYPH O
deficient JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
activation NN O
with IN O
Na NNP O
+ CC O
, , O
the DT O
Vmax NNP O
remained VBD O
unchanged JJ O
, , O
however RB O
the DT O
K NNP O
( , O
Na NNP O
) -RRB- O
increased VBD O
by IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
a DT O
profound JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
affinity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Na NNP O
+ NN O
- HYPH O
binding VBG O
site NN O
in IN O
NO NNP O
- HYPH O
deficient JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
recovery NN O
from IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
activity NN O
of IN O
( , O
Na NNP O
, , O
K NNP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
ATPase NNP O
increased VBD O
, , O
due IN O
to IN O
higher JJR O
affinity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ATP NNP O
- HYPH O
binding VBG O
site NN O
, , O
as IN O
revealed VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
lowered VBN O
Km NNP O
value NN O
for IN O
ATP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
K NNP O
( , O
Na NNP O
) -RRB- O
value NN O
for IN O
Na NNP O
+ CC O
returned VBD O
to TO O
control VB O
value NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Inhibition NN O
of IN O
NO NNP O
- HYPH O
synthase NN O
induced VBD O
a DT O
reversible JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
depressed JJ B-Disease
Na NN O
+ CC O
- HYPH O
extrusion NN O
from IN O
cardiac JJ O
cells NNS O
as IN O
a DT O
consequence NN O
of IN O
deteriorated JJ O
Na NN O
+ NN O
- HYPH O
binding VBG O
properties NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
( , O
Na NNP O
, , O
K NNP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
ATPase NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
recovery NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
to IN O
control NN O
values NNS O
, , O
the DT O
extrusion NN O
of IN O
Na NNP O
+ NN O
from IN O
cardiac JJ O
cells NNS O
was VBD O
normalized VBN O
, , O
as IN O
revealed VBN O
by IN O
restoration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
( , O
Na NNP O
, , O
K NNP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
ATPase NN O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
isoproterenol NN O
on IN O
bromocriptine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
in IN O
conscious JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
that IN O
bromocriptine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
persisted VBD O
after IN O
adrenalectomy NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
( , O
i PRP O
) , O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
central JJ O
dopamine NN O
D2 NN O
receptor NN O
activation NN O
and CC O
( , O
ii NN O
) NFP O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
isoproterenol NN O
pretreatment NN O
, , O
supporting VBG O
therefore RB O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
this DT O
effect NN O
is VBZ O
dependent JJ O
on IN O
sympathetic JJ O
outflow NN O
to IN O
the DT O
heart NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
to TO O
examine VB O
whether IN O
prolonged VBN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
isoproterenol NN O
could MD O
abolish VB O
bromocriptine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
in IN O
conscious JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Isoproterenol NNP O
pretreatment NN O
for IN O
15 CD O
days NNS O
caused VBD O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
hypertrophy NN I-Disease
without IN O
affecting VBG O
baseline NN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
control NN O
rats NNS O
, , O
intravenous JJ O
bromocriptine NN O
( , O
150 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
induced VBD O
significant JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bromocriptine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
was VBD O
unaffected JJ O
by IN O
isoproterenol NN O
pretreatment NN O
, , O
while IN O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
reversed VBN O
to IN O
significant JJ O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
an DT O
effect NN O
that WDT O
was VBD O
partly RB O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
i DT O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
domperidone NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neither CC O
cardiac JJ O
vagal NN O
nor CC O
sympathetic JJ O
tone NN O
was VBD O
altered VBN O
by IN O
isoproterenol NN O
pretreatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
isolated VBN O
perfused VBN O
heart NN O
preparations NNS O
from IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
pretreated VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
the DT O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
maximal JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
systolic JJ O
pressure NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
- HYPH O
pretreated VBN O
rats NNS O
( , O
the DT O
EC50 NN O
of IN O
the DT O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
systolic JJ O
pressure NN O
was VBD O
enhanced VBN O
approximately RB O
22 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
isoproterenol NN O
pretreatment NN O
not RB O
only RB O
abolished VBD O
but CC O
reversed VBD O
bromocriptine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
to IN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
an DT O
effect NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
mainly RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
further JJ O
cardiac JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
desensitization NN O
rather RB O
than IN O
to IN O
impairment NN O
of IN O
autonomic JJ O
regulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
heart NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
, , O
in IN O
normal JJ O
conscious JJ O
rats NNS O
, , O
the DT O
central JJ O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
of IN O
bromocriptine NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
predominate VB O
and CC O
to TO O
mask VB O
the DT O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
of IN O
this DT O
agonist NN O
at IN O
peripheral JJ O
dopamine NN O
D2 NNP O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
developmental JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
' POS O
s NN O
effects NNS O
on IN O
cardiac JJ O
rate NN O
and CC O
ultrasound NN O
production NN O
in IN O
infant NN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Under IN O
controlled VBN O
conditions NNS O
, , O
infant NN O
rats NNS O
emit VBP O
ultrasonic JJ O
vocalizations NNS O
during IN O
extreme JJ O
cold JJ O
exposure NN O
and CC O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
alpha NN O
( , O
2 CD O
) SYM O
adrenoceptor NN O
agonist NN O
, , O
clonidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
investigations NNS O
have VBP O
determined VBN O
that IN O
, , O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
clonidine NN O
, , O
ultrasound NN O
production NN O
increases VBZ O
through IN O
the DT O
2nd JJ O
- HYPH O
week NN O
postpartum NN O
and CC O
decreases NNS O
thereafter RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Given VBN O
that IN O
sympathetic JJ O
neural JJ O
dominance NN O
exhibits VBZ O
a DT O
similar JJ O
developmental JJ O
pattern NN O
, , O
and CC O
given VBN O
that IN O
clonidine NN O
induces VBZ O
sympathetic JJ O
withdrawal NN O
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
hypothesized VBD O
that IN O
clonidine NN O
' '' O
s POS O
developmental JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
cardiac JJ O
rate NN O
and CC O
ultrasound NN O
production NN O
would MD O
mirror VB O
each DT O
other JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
experiment NN O
, , O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
administration NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
cardiac JJ O
rate NN O
and CC O
ultrasound NN O
production NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
in IN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
, , O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
, , O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
, , O
and CC O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Age NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
ultrasound NN O
production NN O
corresponded VBD O
with IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
variables NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
baseline NN O
cardiac JJ O
rate NN O
and CC O
clonidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
experiment NN O
is VBZ O
discussed VBN O
with IN O
regard NN O
to IN O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
ultrasound NN O
production NN O
is VBZ O
the DT O
acoustic JJ O
by IN O
- HYPH O
product NN O
of IN O
a DT O
physiological JJ O
maneuver NN O
that WDT O
compensates VBZ O
for IN O
clonidine NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
detrimental JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurrent JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
newer JJR O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
epidemiological JJ O
studies NNS O
that WDT O
assessed VBD O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
( , O
VTE NNP B-Disease
) , O
associated VBN O
with IN O
newer JJR O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
( -LRB- O
OC NNP O
) -RRB- O
did VBD O
not RB O
distinguish VB O
between IN O
patterns NNS O
of IN O
OC NNP O
use NN O
, , O
namely RB O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
time NN O
users NNS O
, , O
repeaters NNS O
and CC O
switchers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
from IN O
a DT O
Transnational JJ O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
were VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
for IN O
the DT O
latter JJ O
patterns NNS O
of IN O
use NN O
, , O
while IN O
accounting VBG O
for IN O
duration NN O
of IN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Over IN O
the DT O
period NN O
1993 CD O
- SYM O
1996 CD O
, , O
551 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
identified VBN O
in IN O
Germany NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
UK NNP O
along IN O
with IN O
2066 CD O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Totals NNS O
of IN O
128 CD O
cases NNS O
and CC O
650 CD O
controls NNS O
were VBD O
analysed VBN O
for IN O
repeat JJ O
use NN O
and CC O
135 CD O
cases NNS O
and CC O
622 CD O
controls NNS O
for IN O
switching NN O
patterns NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
adjusted JJ O
rate NN O
ratio NN O
of IN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
for IN O
repeat NN O
users NNS O
of IN O
third JJ O
generation NN O
OC NN O
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
: : O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
relative JJ O
to IN O
repeat JJ O
users NNS O
of IN O
second JJ O
generation NN O
pills NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
it PRP O
was VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
: : O
0 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
- SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
switchers NNS O
from IN O
second JJ O
to IN O
third JJ O
generation NN O
pills NNS O
relative JJ O
to IN O
switchers NNS O
from IN O
third RB O
to IN O
second JJ O
generation NN O
pills NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
second JJ O
and CC O
third JJ O
generation NN O
agents NNS O
are VBP O
associated VBN O
with IN O
equivalent JJ O
risks NNS O
of IN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
when WRB O
the DT O
same JJ O
agent NN O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
repeatedly RB O
after IN O
interruption NN O
periods NNS O
or CC O
when WRB O
users NNS O
are VBP O
switched VBN O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
generations NNS O
of IN O
pills NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
analyses NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
higher JJR O
risk NN O
observed VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
newer JJR O
OC NN O
in IN O
other JJ O
studies NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
result NN O
of IN O
inadequate JJ O
comparisons NNS O
of IN O
pill NN O
users NNS O
with IN O
different JJ O
patterns NNS O
of IN O
pill NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Differential JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
systemically RB O
administered VBN O
ketamine NN O
and CC O
lidocaine NN O
on IN O
dynamic JJ O
and CC O
static JJ O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
intradermal JJ O
capsaicin NN O
in IN O
humans NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
examined VBN O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
systemic JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
and CC O
lidocaine NN O
on IN O
brush NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
( , O
dynamic JJ O
) , O
pain NN B-Disease
and CC O
punctate NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
( , O
static JJ O
) , O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
capsaicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
, , O
crossover NN O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
studied VBD O
12 CD O
volunteers NNS O
in IN O
three CD O
experiments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Capsaicin NN O
100 CD O
micrograms NNS O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
intradermally RB O
on IN O
the DT O
volar JJ O
forearm NN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
an DT O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
infusion NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
( HYPH O
bolus NN O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
over IN O
10 CD O
min NN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
infusion NN O
of IN O
7 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) NN O
, , O
lidocaine NN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
or CC O
saline NN O
for IN O
50 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Infusion NN O
started VBD O
15 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
capsaicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
following VBG O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
: : O
spontaneous JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
, , O
pain NN B-Disease
evoked VBN O
by IN O
punctate NN O
and CC O
brush NN O
stimuli NN O
( , O
VAS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
areas NNS O
of IN O
brush NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
and CC O
punctate NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NNP O
reduced VBD O
both CC O
the DT O
area NN O
of IN O
brush NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
and CC O
punctate NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBD O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
significantly RB O
and CC O
it PRP O
tended VBD O
to TO O
reduce VB O
brush NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lidocaine NNP O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
area NN O
of IN O
punctate NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
significantly RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
tended VBD O
to TO O
reduce VB O
VAS NNP O
scores NNS O
of IN O
spontaneous JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
but CC O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
evoked VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
differential JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
and CC O
lidocaine NN O
on IN O
static JJ O
and CC O
dynamic JJ O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
two CD O
types NNS O
of IN O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
are VBP O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
separate JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
and CC O
have VBP O
a DT O
distinct JJ O
pharmacology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Development NN O
of IN O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
aggressive JJ B-Disease
behavior NN I-Disease
: : O
comparison NN O
of IN O
adult NN O
male JJ O
and CC O
female JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
development NN O
of IN O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
( , O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
once RB O
daily RB O
) , O
aggressive JJ B-Disease
behavior NN I-Disease
of IN O
adult NN O
male JJ O
and CC O
female JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
breeder NN O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
consecutive JJ O
sets NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
male JJ O
animals NNS O
, , O
repeated VBN O
apomorphine NN O
treatment NN O
induced VBD O
a DT O
gradual JJ O
development NN O
of IN O
aggressive JJ B-Disease
behavior NN I-Disease
as IN O
evidenced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
increased VBN O
intensity NN O
of IN O
aggressiveness NN B-Disease
and CC O
shortened VBN O
latency NN O
before IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
attack NN O
toward IN O
the DT O
opponent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
, , O
only RB O
a DT O
weak JJ O
tendency NN O
toward IN O
aggressiveness NN B-Disease
was VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
demonstrates VBZ O
gender NN O
differences NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
the DT O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
aggressive JJ B-Disease
behavior NN I-Disease
and CC O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
the DT O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
do VBP O
not RB O
fill VB O
the DT O
validation NN O
criteria NNS O
for IN O
use NN O
in IN O
this DT O
method NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracranial JJ B-Disease
aneurysms NNS I-Disease
and CC O
cocaine NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
: : O
analysis NN O
of IN O
prognostic JJ O
indicators NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
outcome NN O
of IN O
subarachnoid NN B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
cocaine NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
reportedly RB O
poor JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
no DT O
study NN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
has VBZ O
reported VBN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
a DT O
statistical JJ O
model NN O
to TO O
analyze VB O
the DT O
variables NNS O
that WDT O
influence VBP O
outcome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
review NN O
of IN O
admissions NNS O
during IN O
a DT O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
period NN O
revealed VBD O
14 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
aneurysms NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
group NN O
was VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
control NN O
group NN O
of IN O
135 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
ruptured VBN B-Disease
aneurysms NNS I-Disease
and CC O
no DT O
history NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Age NN O
at IN O
presentation NN O
, , O
time NN O
of IN O
ictus NN O
after IN O
intoxication NN O
, , O
Hunt NNP O
and CC O
Hess NNP O
grade NN O
of IN O
subarachnoid NN B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
, , O
size NN O
of IN O
the DT O
aneurysm NN B-Disease
, , O
location NN O
of IN O
the DT O
aneurysm NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
Glasgow NNP O
Outcome NNP O
Scale NNP O
score NN O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
and CC O
compared VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
group NN O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
younger JJR O
than IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
002 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
group NN O
, , O
all DT O
aneurysms NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
located VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
anterior JJ O
circulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
majority NN O
of IN O
these DT O
aneurysms NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
smaller JJR O
than IN O
those DT O
of IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
( : O
8 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
6 CD O
. . O
08 CD O
mm NN O
versus IN O
11 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
mm NN O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
differences NNS O
in IN O
mortality NN O
and CC O
morbidity NN O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
significant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hunt NNP O
and CC O
Hess NNP O
grade NN O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
005 CD O
) NFP O
and CC O
age NN O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
007 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
significant JJ O
predictors NNS O
of IN O
outcome NN O
for IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
aneurysms NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Cocaine NN O
use VBP O
predisposed VBN O
aneurysmal JJ B-Disease
rupture NN I-Disease
at IN O
a DT O
significantly RB O
earlier JJR O
age NN O
and CC O
in IN O
much RB O
smaller JJR O
aneurysms NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Contrary JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
published JJ O
literature NN O
, , O
this DT O
group NN O
did VBD O
reasonably RB O
well RB O
with IN O
aggressive JJ O
management NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
nimodipine NN O
on IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
outcome NN O
after IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
stroke NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
AND CC O
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
The DT O
Intravenous NNP O
Nimodipine NNP O
West NNP O
European NNP O
Stroke NNP B-Disease
Trial NNP O
( -LRB- O
INWEST NNP O
) -RRB- O
found VBD O
a DT O
correlation NN O
between IN O
nimodipine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
reduction NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
( , O
BP NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
an DT O
unfavorable JJ O
outcome NN O
in IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
stroke NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
sought VBD O
to TO O
confirm VB O
this DT O
correlation NN O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
adjustment NN O
for IN O
prognostic JJ O
variables NNS O
and CC O
to TO O
investigate VB O
outcome NN O
in IN O
subgroups NNS O
with IN O
increasing VBG O
levels NNS O
of IN O
BP NN B-Disease
reduction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
stroke NN I-Disease
( , O
within IN O
24 CD O
hours NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
consecutively RB O
allocated VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
placebo NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
100 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
h CD O
( HYPH O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
) SYM O
nimodipine NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
101 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
h NN O
( HYPH O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
) SYM O
nimodipine NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
94 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
correlation NN O
between IN O
average JJ O
BP NNP O
change NN O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
2 CD O
days NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
outcome NN O
at IN O
day NN O
21 CD O
was VBD O
analyzed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Two CD O
hundred CD O
sixty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
included VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
analysis NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
92 CD O
, , O
93 CD O
, , O
and CC O
80 CD O
for IN O
placebo NN O
, , O
low JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
and CC O
high JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nimodipine JJ O
treatment NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
reduction NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
systolic JJ I-Disease
BP NNP I-Disease
( , O
SBP NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
diastolic JJ O
BP NN O
( , O
DBP NNP O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
baseline NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
few JJ O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
multivariate JJ O
analysis NN O
, , O
a DT O
significant JJ O
correlation NN O
between IN O
DBP NNP B-Disease
reduction NN I-Disease
and CC O
worsening NN O
of IN O
the DT O
neurological JJ O
score NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
group NN O
( : O
beta NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
49 CD O
, , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
048 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
DBP NNP B-Disease
reduction NN I-Disease
of IN O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
20 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
the DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
group NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
adjusted VBN O
OR NN O
for IN O
the DT O
compound JJ O
outcome NN O
variable JJ O
death NN B-Disease
or CC O
dependency NN O
( : O
Barthel NNP O
Index NNP O
< $ O
60 CD O
) -RRB- O
( , O
n CD O
/ SYM O
N CD O
= SYM O
25 CD O
/ SYM O
26 CD O
, , O
OR CC O
10 CD O
. . O
16 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
to IN O
101 CD O
. . O
74 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
death NN B-Disease
alone RB O
( : O
n NNS O
/ SYM O
N NN O
= SYM O
9 CD O
/ SYM O
26 CD O
, , O
OR CC O
4 CD O
. . O
336 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
131 CD O
16 CD O
. . O
619 CD O
) -RRB- O
compared VBN O
with IN O
all DT O
placebo NN O
patients NNS O
( , O
n CD O
/ SYM O
N CD O
= SYM O
62 CD O
/ SYM O
92 CD O
and CC O
14 CD O
/ SYM O
92 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
correlation NN O
between IN O
SBP NNP O
change NN O
and CC O
outcome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
DBP NNP O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
SBP NNP O
, , O
reduction NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
neurological JJ O
worsening NN O
after IN O
the DT O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
nimodipine NN O
after IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
stroke NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
nimodipine NN O
, , O
the DT O
results NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
conclusive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
do VBP O
not RB O
confirm VB O
or CC O
exclude VB O
a DT O
neuroprotective JJ O
property NN O
of IN O
nimodipine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neonatal JJ O
pyridoxine NN O
responsive JJ O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
isoniazid NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
17 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
infant NN O
on IN O
isoniazid NN O
therapy NN O
13 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
daily RB O
from IN O
birth NN O
because IN O
of IN O
maternal JJ O
tuberculosis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
admitted VBN O
after IN O
4 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
clonic JJ B-Disease
fits NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
underlying VBG O
infective JJ O
or CC O
biochemical JJ O
cause NN O
could MD O
be VB O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
fits NNS B-Disease
ceased VBD O
within IN O
4 CD O
hours NNS O
of IN O
administering VBG O
intramuscular JJ O
pyridoxine NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
an DT O
aetiology NN O
of IN O
pyridoxine NN O
deficiency NN O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
isoniazid JJ O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NN O
sedation NN O
for IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
children NNS O
' POS O
s NNS O
fractures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
department NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
There EX O
recently RB O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
a DT O
resurgence NN O
in IN O
the DT O
utilization NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
, , O
a DT O
unique JJ O
anesthetic NN O
, , O
for IN O
emergency NN O
- HYPH O
department NN O
procedures NNS O
requiring VBG O
sedation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
safety NN O
and CC O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
for IN O
sedation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
children NNS O
' POS O
s NNS O
fractures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
department NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
One CD O
hundred CD O
and CC O
fourteen CD O
children NNS O
( , O
average JJ O
age NN O
, , O
5 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
years NNS O
; : O
range NN O
, , O
twelve CD O
months NNS O
to IN O
ten CD O
years NNS O
and CC O
ten CD O
months NNS O
) , O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
closed VBN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
an DT O
isolated VBN O
fracture NN B-Disease
or CC O
dislocation NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
department NN O
at IN O
a DT O
level NN O
- HYPH O
I PRP O
trauma NN B-Disease
center NN O
were VBD O
prospectively RB O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
intravenously RB O
( : O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
two CD O
milligrams NNS O
per IN O
kilogram NN O
of IN O
body NN O
weight NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
ninety CD O
- HYPH O
nine CD O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
and CC O
intramuscularly RB O
( : O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
four CD O
milligrams NNS O
per IN O
kilogram NN O
of IN O
body NN O
weight NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
fifteen CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
board NN O
- HYPH O
certified VBN O
emergency NN O
physician NN O
skilled VBN O
in IN O
airway NN O
management NN O
supervised VBD O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
anesthetic NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
monitored VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
registered VBN O
nurse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Any DT O
pain NN B-Disease
during IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
was VBD O
rated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
orthopaedic JJ O
surgeon NN O
treating VBG O
the DT O
patient NN O
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
Children NNPS O
' POS O
s NNP O
Hospital NNP O
of IN O
Eastern NNP O
Ontario NNP O
Pain NNP B-Disease
Scale NNP O
( -LRB- O
CHEOPS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
average JJ O
time NN O
from IN O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
to IN O
manipulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
fracture NN B-Disease
or CC O
dislocation NN B-Disease
was VBD O
one CD O
minute NN O
and CC O
thirty CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
seconds NNS O
( : O
range NN O
, , O
twenty CD O
seconds NNS O
to IN O
five CD O
minutes NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
average JJ O
time NN O
from IN O
intramuscular JJ O
administration NN O
to IN O
manipulation NN O
was VBD O
four CD O
minutes NNS O
and CC O
forty CD O
- HYPH O
two CD O
seconds NNS O
( : O
range NN O
, , O
sixty CD O
seconds NNS O
to IN O
fifteen CD O
minutes NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
average JJ O
score NN O
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
Children NNPS O
' POS O
s NNP O
Hospital NNP O
of IN O
Eastern NNP O
Ontario NNP O
Pain NNP B-Disease
Scale NNP O
was VBD O
6 CD O
. SYM O
4 CD O
points NNS O
( , O
range NN O
, , O
5 CD O
to TO O
10 CD O
points NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
reflecting VBG O
minimal JJ O
or CC O
no DT O
pain NN B-Disease
during IN O
fracture NN B-Disease
reduction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adequate JJ O
fracture NN B-Disease
reduction NN O
was VBD O
obtained VBN O
in IN O
111 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ninety CD O
- HYPH O
nine CD O
percent NN O
( : O
sixty CD O
- HYPH O
eight CD O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
the DT O
sixty CD O
- HYPH O
nine CD O
parents NNS O
present JJ O
during IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
were VBD O
pleased JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
sedation NN O
and CC O
would MD O
allow VB O
it PRP O
to TO O
be VB O
used VBN O
again RB O
in IN O
a DT O
similar JJ O
situation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patency NN O
of IN O
the DT O
airway NN O
and CC O
independent JJ O
respiration NN O
were VBD O
maintained VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
remained VBD O
stable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Minor JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
included VBD O
nausea NN B-Disease
( , O
thirteen CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
emesis NN B-Disease
( , O
eight CD O
of IN O
the DT O
thirteen CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
nausea NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
clumsiness NN B-Disease
( , O
evident JJ O
as IN O
ataxic JJ B-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
in IN O
ten CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
dysphoric JJ B-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
( , O
one CD O
patient NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
sequelae NN O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
, , O
and CC O
no DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
hallucinations NNS B-Disease
or CC O
nightmares NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Ketamine NNP O
reliably RB O
, , O
safely RB O
, , O
and CC O
quickly RB O
provided VBD O
adequate JJ O
sedation NN O
to TO O
effectively RB O
facilitate VB O
the DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
children NNS O
' POS O
s NNS O
fractures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
department NN O
at IN O
our PRP$ O
institution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NN O
should MD O
only RB O
be VB O
used VBN O
in IN O
an DT O
environment NN O
such JJ O
as IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
department NN O
, , O
where WRB O
proper JJ O
one CD O
- HYPH O
on IN O
- HYPH O
one CD O
monitoring NN O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
and CC O
board NN O
- HYPH O
certified VBN O
physicians NNS O
skilled VBN O
in IN O
airway NN O
management NN O
are VBP O
directly RB O
involved JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
care NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cyclosporine NN O
and CC O
tacrolimus NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
development NN O
of IN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
TMA NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
cyclosporine NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
well RB O
documented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatments NNS O
have VBP O
included VBN O
discontinuation NN O
or CC O
reduction NN O
of IN O
cyclosporine NN O
dose NN O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
concurrent JJ O
plasma NN O
exchange NN O
, , O
plasma NN O
infusion NN O
, , O
anticoagulation NN O
, , O
and CC O
intravenous JJ O
immunoglobulin NN O
G NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
for IN O
recipients NNS O
of IN O
organ NN O
transplantation NN O
, , O
removing VBG O
the DT O
inciting VBG O
agent NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
without IN O
the DT O
attendant JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
precipitating VBG O
acute JJ O
rejection NN O
and CC O
graft NN O
loss NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
last JJ O
decade NN O
has VBZ O
seen VBN O
the DT O
emergence NN O
of IN O
tacrolimus NN O
as IN O
a DT O
potent JJ O
immunosuppressive JJ O
agent NN O
with IN O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
action NN O
virtually RB O
identical JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
of IN O
cyclosporine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
a DT O
result NN O
, , O
switching VBG O
to IN O
tacrolimus NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
viable JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
option NN O
in IN O
the DT O
setting NN O
of IN O
cyclosporine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
TMA NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
the DT O
more RBR O
widespread JJ O
application NN O
of IN O
tacrolimus NN O
in IN O
organ NN O
transplantation NN O
, , O
tacrolimus NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
TMA NNP B-Disease
has VBZ O
also RB O
been VBN O
recognized VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
literature NN O
regarding VBG O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
TMA NNP B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
exposed VBN O
sequentially RB O
to IN O
cyclosporine NN O
and CC O
tacrolimus NN O
is VBZ O
limited JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
living VBG O
donor NN O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
recipient NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
cyclosporine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
TMA NNP B-Disease
that WDT O
responded VBD O
to IN O
the DT O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
cyclosporine NN O
in IN O
conjunction NN O
with IN O
plasmapheresis NN O
and CC O
fresh JJ O
frozen JJ O
plasma NN O
replacement NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Introduction NN O
of IN O
tacrolimus NN O
as IN O
an DT O
alternative JJ O
immunosuppressive JJ O
agent NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
TMA NNP B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
subsequent JJ O
loss NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renal JJ O
allograft NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
switched VBN O
from IN O
cyclosporine NN O
to IN O
tacrolimus NN O
or CC O
vice NN O
versa RB O
should MD O
be VB O
closely RB O
monitored VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
signs NNS O
and CC O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
recurrent JJ O
TMA NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Analgesic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
ketamine NN O
in IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
on IN O
morphine NN O
therapy NN O
: : O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
, , O
controlled VBN O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
crossover JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
not RB O
responsive JJ O
to IN O
morphine NN O
is VBZ O
often RB O
problematic JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Animal NN O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( -LRB- O
NMDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
antagonists NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
ketamine NN O
, , O
may MD O
be VB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
improving VBG O
opioid JJ O
analgesia NN O
in IN O
difficult JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
syndromes NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
slow JJ O
bolus NN O
of IN O
subhypnotic JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
or CC O
0 CD O
. . O
50 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
given VBN O
to IN O
10 CD O
cancer NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
whose WP$ O
pain NN B-Disease
was VBD O
unrelieved JJ O
by IN O
morphine NN O
in IN O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
crossover JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
on IN O
a DT O
0 CD O
to TO O
10 CD O
numerical JJ O
scale NN O
; : O
nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
, , O
drowsiness NN O
, , O
confusion NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
dry JJ B-Disease
mouth NN I-Disease
, , O
using VBG O
a DT O
scale NN O
from IN O
0 CD O
to IN O
3 CD O
( , O
not RB O
at RB O
all RB O
, , O
slight JJ O
, , O
a DT O
lot NN O
, , O
awful JJ O
) -RRB- O
; , O
Mini NNP O
- HYPH O
Mental NNP O
State NNP O
Examination NNP O
( , O
MMSE NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
30 CD O
) -RRB- O
; , O
and CC O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
before IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
drugs NNS O
( , O
T0 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
after IN O
30 CD O
minutes NNS O
( SYM O
T30 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
60 CD O
minutes NNS O
( , O
T60 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
120 CD O
minutes NNS O
( , O
T120 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
180 CD O
minutes NNS O
( , O
T180 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NNP O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
saline NN O
solution NN O
, , O
significantly RB O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
pain NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
in IN O
almost RB O
all PDT O
the DT O
patients NNS O
at IN O
both DT O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
effect NN O
was VBD O
more RBR O
relevant JJ O
in IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
higher JJR O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hallucinations NNS B-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
4 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
and CC O
an DT O
unpleasant JJ O
sensation NN O
( : O
"""" `` O
empty JJ O
head NN O
"""" '' O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
also RB O
reported VBN O
by IN O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
episodes NNS O
reversed VBD O
after IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
diazepam NN O
1 CD O
mg NN O
intravenously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Significant JJ O
increases NNS O
in IN O
drowsiness NN O
were VBD O
reported VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
ketamine NN O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
and CC O
were VBD O
more RBR O
marked VBN O
with IN O
ketamine NN O
0 CD O
. . O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
MMSE NNP O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
at IN O
T30 CD O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NN O
can MD O
improve VB O
morphine NN O
analgesia NN O
in IN O
difficult JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
syndromes NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
central JJ O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
taken VBN O
into IN O
account NN O
, , O
especially RB O
when WRB O
using VBG O
higher JJR O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
observation NN O
should MD O
be VB O
tested VBN O
in IN O
studies NNS O
of IN O
prolonged VBN O
ketamine NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Paclitaxel NNP O
, , O
cisplatin NN O
, , O
and CC O
gemcitabine NN O
combination NN O
chemotherapy NN O
within IN O
a DT O
multidisciplinary JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
approach NN O
in IN O
metastatic JJ O
nonsmall JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
lung NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Cisplatin NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
chemotherapy NN O
combinations NNS O
improve VBP O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
and CC O
survival NN O
in IN O
advanced JJ O
nonsmall JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
lung NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
( : O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
emergence NN O
of IN O
new JJ O
active JJ O
drugs NNS O
might MD O
translate VB O
into IN O
more RBR O
effective JJ O
regimens NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
this DT O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
objective NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
feasibility NN O
, , O
response NN O
rate NN O
, , O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
a DT O
paclitaxel NN O
, , O
cisplatin NN O
, , O
and CC O
gemcitabine NN O
combination NN O
to TO O
treat VB O
metastatic JJ O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
consecutive JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
- HYPH O
naive JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Stage NNP O
IV NNP O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
and CC O
an DT O
Eastern NNP O
Cooperative NNP O
Oncology NNP O
Group NNP O
performance NN O
status NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
paclitaxel NN O
( , O
135 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) , O
given VBN O
intravenously RB O
in IN O
3 CD O
hours NNS O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
Day NNP O
1 CD O
, , O
cisplatin NN O
( , O
120 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NNS O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) , O
given VBN O
intravenously RB O
in IN O
6 CD O
hours NNS O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
Day NNP O
1 CD O
, , O
and CC O
gemcitabine NN O
( SYM O
800 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
given VBN O
intravenously RB O
in IN O
30 CD O
minutes NNS O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
Days NNS O
1 CD O
and CC O
8 CD O
, , O
every DT O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
responding VBG O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
scheduled VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
consolidation NN O
radiotherapy NN O
and CC O
24 CD O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
preplanned VBN O
second JJ O
- HYPH O
line NN O
chemotherapy NN O
after IN O
disease NN O
progression NN O
, , O
the DT O
response NN O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
rates NNS O
reported VBD O
refer VBP O
only RB O
to IN O
the DT O
chemotherapy NN O
regimen NN O
given VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
All PDT O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
for IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
; : O
34 CD O
were VBD O
examinable JJ O
for IN O
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
objective JJ O
response NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
73 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
( , O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
[ -LRB- O
CI NN O
] -RRB- O
, , O
55 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
- SYM O
87 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
including VBG O
4 CD O
complete JJ O
responses NNS O
( : O
11 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
According VBG O
to IN O
intention NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
treat NN O
, , O
the DT O
overall JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
71 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
( : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
53 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
- SYM O
85 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
154 CD O
courses NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
, , O
the DT O
median JJ O
dose NN O
intensity NN O
was VBD O
131 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) CD O
for IN O
paclitaxel NN O
( SYM O
97 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
117 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m CD O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) CD O
for IN O
cisplatin NN O
( : O
97 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
1378 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) CD O
for IN O
gemcitabine NN O
( : O
86 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
World NNP O
Health NNP O
Organization NNP O
Grade NNP O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
and CC O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
39 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
11 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
one CD O
treatment NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
death NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nonhematologic JJ O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
mild JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
a DT O
median JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
22 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
the DT O
median JJ O
progression NN O
free JJ O
survival NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
7 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
median JJ O
survival NN O
time NN O
was VBD O
16 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
paclitaxel NN O
, , O
cisplatin NN O
, , O
and CC O
gemcitabine NN O
is VBZ O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
and CC O
shows VBZ O
high JJ O
activity NN O
in IN O
metastatic JJ O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
treatment NN O
merits VBZ O
further JJ O
comparison NN O
with IN O
other JJ O
cisplatin NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
regimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serotonergic JJ O
antidepressants NNS O
and CC O
urinary JJ B-Disease
incontinence NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Many JJ O
new JJ O
serotonergic JJ O
antidepressants NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
introduced VBN O
over IN O
the DT O
past JJ O
decade NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
urinary JJ B-Disease
incontinence NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
listed VBN O
as IN O
one CD O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
in IN O
their PRP$ O
package NN O
inserts NNS O
there EX O
is VBZ O
only RB O
one CD O
report NN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
concerns VBZ O
2 CD O
male JJ O
patients NNS O
who WP O
experienced VBD O
incontinence NN B-Disease
while IN O
taking VBG O
venlafaxine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
paper NN O
the DT O
authors NNS O
describe VBP O
2 CD O
female JJ O
patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
incontinence NN B-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
selective JJ O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
inhibitors NNS O
paroxetine NN O
and CC O
sertraline NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
a DT O
third NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
this DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
on IN O
venlafaxine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
2 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
3 CD O
cases NNS O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
also RB O
taking VBG O
lithium NN O
carbonate NN O
and CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blockers NNS O
, , O
both DT O
of IN O
which WDT O
could MD O
have VB O
contributed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
incontinence NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Animal NN O
studies NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
incontinence NN B-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
serotonergic JJ O
antidepressants NNS O
could MD O
be VB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
5HT4 CD O
receptors NNS O
found VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
research NN O
is VBZ O
needed VBN O
to TO O
delineate VB O
the DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
this DT O
troubling JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
and CC O
how WRB O
best RBS O
to TO O
treat VB O
it PRP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
: : O
differential JJ O
sensitivity NN O
of IN O
six CD O
inbred JJ O
mouse NN O
strains NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mature JJ O
male NN O
and CC O
female JJ O
mice NNS O
from IN O
six CD O
inbred JJ O
stains NNS O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
for IN O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
behavioral JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
ip NN O
over IN O
a DT O
range NN O
of IN O
doses NNS O
( : O
50 CD O
- SYM O
100 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
behavior NN O
was VBD O
monitored VBN O
for IN O
20 CD O
minutes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizure NN B-Disease
end NN O
points NNS O
included VBD O
latency NN O
to TO O
forelimb VB O
or CC O
hindlimb VB O
clonus NN O
, , O
latency NN O
to IN O
clonic JJ O
running NN O
seizure NN B-Disease
and CC O
latency NN O
to IN O
jumping NN O
bouncing VBG O
seizure NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
range NN O
of IN O
strain NN O
specific JJ O
sensitivities NNS O
was VBD O
documented VBN O
with IN O
A NN O
/ SYM O
J NNP O
and CC O
SJL NNP O
mice NN O
being VBG O
most RBS O
sensitive JJ O
and CC O
C57BL NN O
/ SYM O
6J CD O
most RBS O
resistant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DBA NNP O
/ SYM O
2J NNP O
, , O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
cByJ NNP O
and CC O
NZW NNP O
/ SYM O
LacJ NNP O
strains NNS O
exhibited VBD O
intermediate JJ O
sensitivity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
EEG NNP O
recordings NNS O
were VBD O
made VBN O
in IN O
SJL NNP O
, , O
A NNP O
/ SYM O
J NNP O
and CC O
C57BL NNP O
/ SYM O
6J NN O
mice NNS O
revealing VBG O
a DT O
close JJ O
correspondence NN O
between IN O
electrical JJ O
activity NN O
and CC O
behavior NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additionally RB O
, , O
levels NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
determined VBN O
in IN O
hippocampus NN O
and CC O
cortex NN O
were VBD O
not RB O
different JJ O
between IN O
sensitive JJ O
and CC O
resistant JJ O
strains NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additional JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
murine NN O
strains NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
useful JJ O
for IN O
investigating VBG O
genetic JJ O
influences NNS O
on IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypotension NN B-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
initiation NN O
of IN O
tizanidine NN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
angiotensin NN O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitor NN O
for IN O
chronic JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Centrally RB O
acting VBG O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
adrenergic JJ O
agonists NNS O
are VBP O
one CD O
of IN O
several JJ O
pharmacologic JJ O
agents NNS O
used VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
spasticity NN B-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
disorders NNS B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
central JJ I-Disease
nervous JJ I-Disease
system NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
their PRP$ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
spasticity NN B-Disease
, , O
certain JJ O
adverse JJ O
cardiorespiratory JJ O
effects NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adults NNS O
chronically RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
angiotensin NN O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitors NNS O
may MD O
have VB O
a DT O
limited JJ O
ability NN O
to TO O
respond VB O
to IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
when WRB O
the DT O
sympathetic JJ O
response NN O
is VBZ O
simultaneously RB O
blocked VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
authors NNS O
present VBP O
a DT O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
boy NN O
chronically RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
lisinopril NN O
, , O
an DT O
angiotensin NN O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
to TO O
control VB O
hypertension NN B-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
hypotension NN B-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
tizanidine NN O
, , O
an DT O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
agonist NN O
, , O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
spasticity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possible JJ O
interaction NN O
of IN O
tizanidine NN O
and CC O
other JJ O
antihypertensive JJ O
agents NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
kept VBN O
in IN O
mind NN O
when WRB O
prescribing VBG O
therapy NN O
to TO O
treat VB O
either CC O
hypertension NN B-Disease
or CC O
spasticity NN B-Disease
in IN O
such JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
mouse NN O
lines NNS O
selected VBN O
for IN O
differential JJ O
sensitivities NNS O
to IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
carboline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
are VBP O
also RB O
differentially RB O
sensitive JJ O
to IN O
various JJ O
pharmacological JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
other JJ O
GABA NNP O
( , O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
ligands NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
mouse NN O
lines NNS O
were VBD O
selectively RB O
bred VBN O
according VBG O
to IN O
their PRP$ O
sensitivity NN O
( , O
BS NN O
line NN O
) , O
or CC O
resistance NN O
( -LRB- O
BR NN O
line NN O
) , O
to IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
injection NN O
of IN O
methyl NN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
carboline NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
carboxylate NN O
( : O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
CCM NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
inverse JJ O
agonist NN O
of IN O
the DT O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
benzodiazepine NN O
site NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
aim NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
characterize VB O
both DT O
lines NNS O
' POS O
sensitivities NNS O
to IN O
various JJ O
physiological JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
other JJ O
ligands NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
measured VBD O
diazepam NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anxiolysis NN O
with IN O
the DT O
elevated VBN O
plus JJ O
- HYPH O
maze NN O
test NN O
, , O
diazepam NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sedation NN O
by IN O
recording VBG O
the DT O
vigilance NN O
states NNS O
, , O
and CC O
picrotoxin NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
pentylenetetrazol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
after IN O
i PRP O
. . O
p LS O
. . O
injections NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Results NNS O
presented VBN O
here RB O
show VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
differential JJ O
sensitivities NNS O
of IN O
BS NNP O
and CC O
BR NN O
lines NNS O
to IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
CCM NN O
can MD O
be VB O
extended VBN O
to IN O
diazepam NN O
, , O
picrotoxin NN O
, , O
and CC O
pentylenetetrazol NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
a DT O
genetic JJ O
selection NN O
of IN O
a DT O
general JJ O
sensitivity NN O
and CC O
resistance NN O
to IN O
several JJ O
ligands NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Propylthiouracil NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
perinuclear NN O
- HYPH O
staining VBG O
antineutrophil JJ O
cytoplasmic JJ O
autoantibody NN O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
conjunction NN O
with IN O
pericarditis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
describe VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
propylthiouracil NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
manifesting VBG O
with IN O
pericarditis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
present VBP O
the DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
report NN O
of IN O
a DT O
woman NN O
with IN O
hyperthyroidism NN B-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
propylthiouracil NN O
in IN O
whom WP O
a DT O
syndrome NN O
of IN O
pericarditis NN B-Disease
, , O
fever NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serologic JJ O
testing NN O
and CC O
immunologic JJ O
studies NNS O
were VBD O
done VBN O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
pericardial JJ O
biopsy NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
25 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
Graves NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
had VBD O
a DT O
febrile JJ B-Disease
illness NN I-Disease
and CC O
evidence NN O
of IN O
pericarditis NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
confirmed VBN O
by IN O
biopsy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serologic JJ O
evaluation NN O
revealed VBD O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
perinuclear NN O
- HYPH O
staining VBG O
antineutrophil JJ O
cytoplasmic JJ O
autoantibodies NNS O
( -LRB- O
pANCA NNP O
) -RRB- O
against IN O
myeloperoxidase NN O
( , O
MPO NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Propylthiouracil NNP O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
withdrawn VBN O
, , O
and CC O
she PRP O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
course NN O
of IN O
prednisone NN O
, , O
which WDT O
alleviated VBD O
her PRP$ O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
literature NN O
review NN O
revealed VBD O
no DT O
prior JJ O
reports NNS O
of IN O
pericarditis NN B-Disease
in IN O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
MPO NNP O
pANCA NN O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
propylthio NN O
- HYPH O
uracil NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Pericarditis NN B-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
initial JJ O
manifestation NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
attributable JJ O
to IN O
propylthio NN O
- HYPH O
uracil NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Repeated VBN O
transient JJ O
anuria NN B-Disease
following VBG O
losartan JJ O
administration NN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
a DT O
solitary JJ O
kidney NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
70 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
man NN O
with IN O
a DT O
solitary JJ O
kidney NN O
and CC O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
two CD O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
transient JJ O
anuria NN B-Disease
after IN O
losartan JJ O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
was VBD O
hospitalized VBN O
for IN O
a DT O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
with IN O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
, , O
treated VBN O
with IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
diuretics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Due IN O
to IN O
severe JJ O
systolic JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
losartan NN O
was VBD O
prescribed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Surprisingly RB O
, , O
the DT O
first JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
50 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
losartan NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
sudden JJ O
anuria NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
lasted VBD O
eight CD O
hours NNS O
despite IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
furosemide NN O
and CC O
amine NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
week NN O
later RB O
, , O
by IN O
mistake NN O
, , O
losartan NN O
was VBD O
prescribed VBN O
again RB O
and CC O
after IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
50 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
a DT O
second JJ O
episode NN O
of IN O
transient JJ O
anuria NN B-Disease
lasting VBG O
10 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
these DT O
two CD O
episodes NNS O
, , O
his PRP$ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
diminished VBD O
but CC O
no DT O
severe JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
was VBD O
noted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ultimately RB O
, , O
an DT O
arteriography NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
70 CD O
- SYM O
80 CD O
% NN O
renal JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
, , O
renal JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
combined VBN O
with IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
diuretic JJ O
therapy NN O
certainly RB O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
strong JJ O
activation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renin NN O
- HYPH O
angiotensin NN O
system NN O
( -LRB- O
RAS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Under IN O
such JJ O
conditions NNS O
, , O
angiotensin JJ O
II NN O
receptor NN O
blockade NN O
by IN O
losartan NN O
probably RB O
induced VBD O
a DT O
critical JJ O
fall NN O
in IN O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
pressure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
report NN O
highlights VBZ O
the DT O
fact NN O
that IN O
the DT O
angiotensin JJ O
II NN O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
losartan NN O
can MD O
cause VB O
serious JJ O
unexpected JJ O
complications NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
renovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
and CC O
should MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
with IN O
extreme JJ O
caution NN O
in IN O
this DT O
setting NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Calcineurin NN O
- HYPH O
inhibitor NN O
induced VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
syndrome NN O
( -LRB- O
CIPS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
: : O
a DT O
severe JJ O
disabling JJ O
complication NN O
after IN O
organ NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bone NN O
pain NN B-Disease
after IN O
transplantation NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
frequent JJ O
complication NN O
that WDT O
can MD O
be VB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
several JJ O
diseases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
strategies NNS O
depend VBP O
on IN O
the DT O
correct JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nine CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
in IN O
their PRP$ O
feet NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
registered VBN O
after IN O
transplantation NN O
, , O
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bone NN O
scans NNS O
showed VBD O
an DT O
increased JJ O
tracer NN O
uptake NN O
of IN O
the DT O
foot NN O
bones NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
demonstrated VBD O
bone NN B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
oedema NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
painful JJ O
bones NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
was VBD O
not RB O
explained VBN O
by IN O
other JJ O
diseases NNS O
causing VBG O
foot NN O
pain NN B-Disease
, , O
like IN O
reflex NN B-Disease
sympathetic JJ I-Disease
dystrophy NN I-Disease
, , O
polyneuropathy NN B-Disease
, , O
Morton NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
neuralgia NN I-Disease
, , O
gout NN B-Disease
, , O
osteoporosis NN B-Disease
, , O
avascular JJ B-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
, , O
intermittent JJ B-Disease
claudication NN I-Disease
, , O
orthopaedic JJ O
foot NN B-Disease
deformities NNS I-Disease
, , O
stress NN B-Disease
fractures NNS I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
hyperparathyroidism NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
cyclosporine NN O
- HYPH O
or CC O
tacrolimus NN O
trough NN O
levels NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
led VBD O
to IN O
relief NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
Calcineurin NNP O
- HYPH O
inhibitor NN O
Induced NNP O
Pain NNP B-Disease
Syndrome NNP O
( -LRB- O
CIPS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
but CC O
severe JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
cyclosporine NN O
or CC O
tacrolimus NN O
and CC O
is VBZ O
accurately RB O
diagnosed VBN O
by IN O
its PRP$ O
typical JJ O
presentation NN O
, , O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
and CC O
bone NN O
scans NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Incorrect JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
syndrome NN O
will MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
reduction NN O
of IN O
life NN O
quality NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
CIPS NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Brain NN O
natriuretic JJ O
peptide NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
predictor NN O
of IN O
anthracycline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anthracyclines NNS O
are VBP O
effective JJ O
antineoplastic JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
but CC O
they PRP O
frequently RB O
cause VBP O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
conventional JJ O
anthracycline NN O
therapy NN O
highlights VBZ O
a DT O
need NN O
to TO O
search VB O
for IN O
methods NNS O
that WDT O
are VBP O
highly RB O
sensitive JJ O
and CC O
capable JJ O
of IN O
predicting VBG O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
measured VBD O
the DT O
plasma NN O
level NN O
of IN O
brain NN O
natriuretic JJ O
peptide NN O
( , O
BNP NN O
) -RRB- O
to TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
BNP NNP O
might MD O
serve VB O
as IN O
a DT O
simple JJ O
diagnostic JJ O
indicator NN O
of IN O
anthracycline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
daunorubicin NN O
( -LRB- O
DNR NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
regimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirteen CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
DNR NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
regimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ O
functions NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
with IN O
radionuclide NN O
angiography NN O
before IN O
chemotherapies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
atrial JJ O
natriuretic JJ O
peptide NN O
( -LRB- O
ANP NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
BNP NNP O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
radionuclide NN O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
after IN O
the DT O
completion NN O
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
as IN O
having VBG O
subclinical JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
after IN O
the DT O
completion NN O
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
BNP NNP O
in IN O
all PDT O
the DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
subclinical JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
increased VBD O
above IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
limit NN O
( , O
40 CD O
pg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
before IN O
the DT O
detection NN O
of IN O
clinical JJ O
or CC O
subclinical JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
by IN O
radionuclide NN O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
BNP NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
increase VB O
in IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
without IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
given VBN O
DNR NNP O
, , O
even RB O
at IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
700 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
plasma NN O
level NN O
of IN O
ANP NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
always RB O
increase VB O
in IN O
all PDT O
the DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
subclinical JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
preliminary JJ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
BNP NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
useful JJ O
as IN O
an DT O
early JJ O
and CC O
sensitive JJ O
indicator NN O
of IN O
anthracycline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
combined JJ O
cephalothin NN O
- HYPH O
gentamicin NN O
regimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
acute JJ B-Disease
tubular JJ I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
, , O
characterized VBN O
clinically RB O
by IN O
acute JJ O
oliguric JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
while IN O
they PRP O
were VBD O
receiving VBG O
a DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
cephalothin NN O
sodium NN O
and CC O
gentamicin NN O
sulfate NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
given VBN O
this DT O
drug NN O
regimen NN O
should MD O
be VB O
observed VBN O
very RB O
carefully RB O
for IN O
early JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
antibiotic JJ O
combination NN O
should MD O
be VB O
avoided VBN O
especially RB O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
with IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
should MD O
not RB O
be VB O
given VBN O
this DT O
regimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vivo NN O
protection NN O
of IN O
dna NN O
damage NN O
associated VBN O
apoptotic JJ O
and CC O
necrotic JJ B-Disease
cell NN O
deaths NNS O
during IN O
acetaminophen NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
amiodarone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
lung NN B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
and CC O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
by IN O
a DT O
novel JJ O
IH636 NNP O
grape NN O
seed NN O
proanthocyanidin NN O
extract NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Grape NN O
seed NN O
extract NN O
, , O
primarily RB O
a DT O
mixture NN O
of IN O
proanthocyanidins NNS O
, , O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
modulate VB O
a DT O
wide JJ O
- HYPH O
range NN O
of IN O
biological JJ O
, , O
pharmacological JJ O
and CC O
toxicological JJ O
effects NNS O
which WDT O
are VBP O
mainly RB O
cytoprotective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
assessed VBD O
the DT O
ability NN O
of IN O
IH636 NNP O
grape NN O
seed NN O
proanthocyanidin NN O
extract NN O
( -LRB- O
GSPE NNP O
) -RRB- O
to TO O
prevent VB O
acetaminophen NN O
( , O
AAP NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
amiodarone NN O
( , O
AMI NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
lung NN B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
doxorubicin NN O
( -LRB- O
DOX NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Experimental JJ O
design NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
four CD O
groups NNS O
: : O
control NN O
( HYPH O
vehicle NN O
alone RB O
) -RRB- O
, , O
GSPE NNP O
alone RB O
, , O
drug NN O
alone RB O
and CC O
GSPE NN O
+ CC O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
the DT O
cytoprotection NN O
study NN O
, , O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
orally RB O
gavaged VBN O
100 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
Kg NNP O
GSPE NNP O
for IN O
7 CD O
- SYM O
10 CD O
days NNS O
followed VBN O
by IN O
i DT O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
injections NNS O
of IN O
organ NN O
specific JJ O
three CD O
drugs NNS O
( -LRB- O
AAP NN O
: : O
500 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
Kg NNP O
for IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
; : O
AMI NNP O
: : O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
Kg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
four CD O
days NNS O
; : O
DOX NNP O
: : O
20 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
Kg NNS O
for IN O
48 CD O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Parameters NNS O
of IN O
study NN O
included VBD O
analysis NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
chemistry NN O
( , O
ALT NNP O
, , O
BUN NNP O
and CC O
CPK NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
orderly JJ O
fragmentation NN O
of IN O
genomic JJ O
DNA NN O
( , O
both CC O
endonuclease NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
and CC O
independent JJ O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
microscopic JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
damage NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
protection NN O
in IN O
corresponding VBG O
PAS NN O
stained VBN O
tissues NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
GSPE NNP O
preexposure NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
AAP NNP O
, , O
AMI NNP O
and CC O
DOX NNP O
, , O
provided VBD O
near IN O
complete JJ O
protection NN O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
serum NN O
chemistry NN O
changes NNS O
( , O
ALT NNP O
, , O
BUN NNP O
and CC O
CPK NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
significantly RB O
reduced VBD O
DNA NN O
fragmentation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histopathological JJ O
examination NN O
of IN O
kidney NN O
, , O
heart NN O
and CC O
lung NN O
sections NNS O
revealed VBD O
moderate JJ O
to IN O
massive JJ O
tissue NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
with IN O
a DT O
variety NN O
of IN O
morphological JJ O
aberrations NNS O
by IN O
all PDT O
the DT O
three CD O
drugs NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
GSPE NNP O
preexposure NN O
than IN O
in IN O
its PRP$ O
presence NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
GSPE NNP O
+ CC O
drug NN O
exposed VBN O
tissues NNS O
exhibited VBD O
minor JJ O
residual JJ O
damage NN O
or CC O
near IN O
total JJ O
recovery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additionally RB O
, , O
histopathological JJ O
alterations NNS O
mirrored VBD O
both CC O
serum JJ O
chemistry NN O
changes NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
pattern NN O
of IN O
DNA NN O
fragmentation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Interestingly RB O
, , O
all PDT O
the DT O
drugs NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
, , O
AAP NNP O
, , O
AMI NNP O
and CC O
DOX NNP O
induced VBD O
apoptotic JJ O
death NN O
in IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
necrosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
respective JJ O
organs NNS O
which WDT O
was VBD O
very RB O
effectively RB O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
GSPE NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
AAP NNP O
, , O
AMI NNP O
and CC O
DOX NNP O
undergo VBP O
biotransformation NN O
and CC O
are VBP O
known VBN O
to TO O
produce VB O
damaging JJ O
radicals NNS O
in IN O
vivo NN O
, , O
the DT O
protection NN O
by IN O
GSPE NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
linked VBN O
to IN O
both DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
metabolism NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
detoxification NN O
of IN O
cytotoxic JJ O
radicals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
its PRP$ O
' POS O
presumed VBN O
contribution NN O
to IN O
DNA NN O
repair NN O
may MD O
be VB O
another DT O
important JJ O
attribute NN O
, , O
which WDT O
played VBD O
a DT O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
chemoprevention NN O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additionally RB O
, , O
this DT O
may MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
the DT O
first JJ O
report NN O
on IN O
AMI NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
apoptotic JJ O
death NN O
in IN O
the DT O
lung NN O
tissue NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Taken VBN O
together RB O
, , O
these DT O
events NNS O
undoubtedly RB O
establish VBP O
GSPE NNP O
' POS O
s NNS O
abundant JJ O
bioavailability NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
power NN O
to TO O
defend VB O
multiple JJ O
target NN O
organs NNS O
from IN O
toxic JJ O
assaults NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
structurally RB O
diverse JJ O
and CC O
functionally RB O
different JJ O
entities NNS O
in IN O
vivo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antidepressant NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
mania NN B-Disease
in IN O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
: : O
identification NN O
of IN O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Concerns NNS O
about IN O
possible JJ O
risks NNS O
of IN O
switching VBG O
to IN O
mania NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
antidepressants NNS O
continue VBP O
to TO O
interfere VB O
with IN O
the DT O
establishment NN O
of IN O
an DT O
optimal JJ O
treatment NN O
paradigm NN O
for IN O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
The DT O
response NN O
of IN O
44 CD O
patients NNS O
meeting VBG O
DSM NNP O
- HYPH O
IV NN O
criteria NNS O
for IN O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
to IN O
naturalistic JJ O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
for IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
using VBG O
the DT O
Montgomery NNP O
- HYPH O
Asberg NNP O
Depression NNP O
Rating NNP O
Scale NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
Bech NNP O
- HYPH O
Rafaelson NNP O
Mania NNP O
Rating NNP O
Scale NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
who WP O
experienced VBD O
a DT O
manic JJ B-Disease
or CC O
hypomanic JJ B-Disease
switch NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
who WP O
did VBD O
not RB O
on IN O
several JJ O
variables NNS O
including VBG O
age NN O
, , O
sex NN O
, , O
diagnosis NN O
( , O
DSM NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
IV NN I-Disease
bipolar JJ I-Disease
I NN I-Disease
vs IN O
. , O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
II NNP I-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
number NN O
of IN O
previous JJ O
manic JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS O
, , O
type NN O
of IN O
antidepressant JJ O
therapy NN O
used VBN O
( , O
electroconvulsive JJ O
therapy NN O
vs IN O
. , O
antidepressant JJ O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
, , O
more RBR O
particularly RB O
, , O
selective JJ O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
inhibitors NNS O
[ -LRB- O
SSRIs NNP O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
, , O
use NN O
and CC O
type NN O
of IN O
mood NN O
stabilizers NNS O
( , O
lithium NN O
vs IN O
. , O
anticonvulsants NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
temperament NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
, , O
assessed VBN O
during IN O
a DT O
normothymic JJ O
period NN O
using VBG O
the DT O
hyperthymia NN O
component NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Semi NNP O
- HYPH O
structured VBN O
Affective NNP O
Temperament NNP O
Interview NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Switches NNS O
to IN O
hypomania NN B-Disease
or CC O
mania NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
27 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
( , O
N NNP O
= SYM O
12 CD O
) -RRB- O
( , O
and CC O
in IN O
24 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
subgroup NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
SSRIs NNP O
[ -LRB- O
8 CD O
/ SYM O
33 CD O
] -RRB- O
) CD O
; : O
16 CD O
% NN O
( , O
N CD O
= SYM O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
experienced VBN O
manic JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS O
, , O
and CC O
11 CD O
% NN O
( , O
N NN O
= SYM O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
experienced VBD O
hypomanic JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sex NN O
, , O
age NN O
, , O
diagnosis NN O
( , O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
I NN I-Disease
vs IN O
. . O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
II NN I-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
additional JJ O
treatment NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
switching VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
mood NN O
switches NNS O
seemed VBD O
not RB O
to TO O
differ VB O
between IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
an DT O
anticonvulsant NN O
and CC O
those DT O
receiving VBG O
no DT O
mood NN O
stabilizer NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
mood NN O
switches NNS O
were VBD O
less RBR O
frequent JJ O
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
lithium NN O
( : O
15 CD O
% NN O
, , O
4 CD O
/ SYM O
26 CD O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
not RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
lithium NN O
( : O
44 CD O
% NN O
, , O
8 CD O
/ SYM O
18 CD O
; : O
p NN O
= SYM O
. . O
04 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
number NN O
of IN O
previous JJ O
manic JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
probability NN O
of IN O
switching VBG O
, , O
whereas IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
score NN O
on IN O
the DT O
hyperthymia NN O
component NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Semistructured NNP O
Affective NNP O
Temperament NNP O
Interview NNP O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
greater JJR O
risk NN O
of IN O
switching NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
. . O
008 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
mood NN O
switching NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
acute JJ O
antidepressant NN O
therapy NN O
may MD O
be VB O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Particular JJ O
attention NN O
should MD O
be VB O
paid VBN O
to IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
hyperthymic JJ O
temperament NN O
, , O
who WP O
have VBP O
a DT O
greater JJR O
risk NN O
of IN O
mood NN O
switches NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peritubular JJ O
capillary NN O
basement NN O
membrane NN O
reduplication NN O
in IN O
allografts NNS O
and CC O
native JJ O
kidney NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
: : O
a DT O
clinicopathologic JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
278 CD O
consecutive JJ O
renal JJ O
specimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
An DT O
association NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
found VBN O
between IN O
transplant NN B-Disease
glomerulopathy NN I-Disease
( , O
TG NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
reduplication NN O
of IN O
peritubular JJ O
capillary JJ O
basement NN O
membranes NNS O
( -LRB- O
PTCR NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
such PDT O
an DT O
association NN O
is VBZ O
of IN O
practical JJ O
and CC O
theoretical JJ O
importance NN O
, , O
only RB O
one CD O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
has VBZ O
tried VBN O
to TO O
confirm VB O
it PRP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
examined VBD O
278 CD O
consecutive JJ O
renal JJ O
specimens NNS O
( , O
from IN O
135 CD O
transplants NNS O
and CC O
143 CD O
native JJ O
kidneys NNS O
) , O
for IN O
ultrastructural JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
PTCR NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
renal JJ O
allografts NNS O
with IN O
TG NNP B-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
also RB O
examined VBD O
grafts NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ O
rejection NN O
, , O
recurrent JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
, , O
chronic JJ B-Disease
allograft NN I-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
and CC O
stable JJ O
grafts NNS O
( , O
"""" `` O
protocol NN O
biopsies NNS O
"""" '' O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Native JJ O
kidney NN O
specimens NNS O
included VBD O
a DT O
wide JJ O
range NN O
of IN O
glomerulopathies NNS B-Disease
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
cases NNS O
of IN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
, , O
malignant JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
, , O
acute JJ O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
acute JJ B-Disease
tubular JJ I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
found VBD O
PTCR NNP O
in IN O
14 CD O
of IN O
15 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
TG NNP B-Disease
, , O
in IN O
7 CD O
transplant NN O
biopsy NN O
specimens NNS O
without IN O
TG NNP B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
13 CD O
of IN O
143 CD O
native JJ O
kidney NN O
biopsy NN O
specimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
13 CD O
included VBD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
malignant JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
, , O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
, , O
lupus NN B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
, , O
Henoch NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Schonlein NNP I-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
, , O
crescentic JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mild NNP O
PTCR NNP O
in IN O
allografts NNS O
without IN O
TG NNP B-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
predict VB O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
or CC O
significant JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
after IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
periods NNS O
of IN O
between IN O
3 CD O
months NNS O
and CC O
1 CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
in IN O
transplants NNS O
, , O
there EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
strong JJ O
association NN O
between IN O
well RB O
- HYPH O
developed VBN O
PTCR NNP O
and CC O
TG NNP B-Disease
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
significance NN O
of IN O
mild JJ O
PTCR NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
predictive JJ O
value NN O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
TG NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PTCR NNP O
also RB O
occurs VBZ O
in IN O
certain JJ O
native JJ O
kidney NN B-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
, , O
though IN O
the DT O
association NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
as RB O
strong JJ O
as IN O
that DT O
for IN O
TG NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
repeated VBN O
endothelial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
immunologic JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
, , O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
this DT O
lesion NN O
both CC O
in IN O
allografts NNS O
and CC O
native JJ O
kidneys NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Caffeine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrhythmia NN I-Disease
: : O
an DT O
unrecognised JJ O
danger NN O
of IN O
healthfood NN O
products NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
25 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
existing VBG O
mitral JJ B-Disease
valve NN I-Disease
prolapse NN I-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
intractable JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
after IN O
consuming VBG O
a DT O
"""" `` O
natural JJ O
energy NN O
"""" '' O
guarana NN O
health NN O
drink NN O
containing VBG O
a DT O
high JJ O
concentration NN O
of IN O
caffeine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
highlights VBZ O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
adequate JJ O
labelling NN O
and CC O
regulation NN O
of IN O
such JJ O
products NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conformationally RB O
restricted VBN O
analogs NNS O
of IN O
BD1008 NN O
and CC O
an DT O
antisense JJ O
oligodeoxynucleotide NN O
targeting VBG O
sigma1 NN O
receptors NNS O
produce VBP O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
cocaine NN O
effects NNS O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
' POS O
s POS O
ability NN O
to TO O
interact VB O
with IN O
sigma NN O
receptors NNS O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
these DT O
proteins NNS O
mediate VBP O
some DT O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
three CD O
novel NN O
sigma NN O
receptor NN O
ligands NNS O
with IN O
antagonist NN O
activity NN O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
Swiss NNP O
Webster NNP O
mice NN O
: : O
BD1018 NNP O
( -LRB- O
3S CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dichlorophenyl NN O
) -RRB- O
ethyl NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
diazabicyclo NN O
[ -LRB- O
4 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
] -RRB- O
nonane FW O
) -RRB- O
, , O
BD1063 CD O
( SYM O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dichlorophenyl NN O
) , O
ethyl NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
methylpiperazine NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
LR132 NNP O
( -LRB- O
1R CD O
, , O
2S CD O
- HYPH O
( , O
+ CC O
) CD O
- HYPH O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dichlorophenyl NN O
) -RRB- O
ethyl NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
pyrrolidinyl NN O
) -RRB- O
cyclohexylamine NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Competition NN O
binding NN O
assays NNS O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
all DT O
three CD O
compounds NNS O
have VBP O
high JJ O
affinities NNS O
for IN O
sigma1 NN O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
three CD O
compounds NNS O
vary VBP O
in IN O
their PRP$ O
affinities NNS O
for IN O
sigma2 NN O
receptors NNS O
and CC O
exhibit VBP O
negligible JJ O
affinities NNS O
for IN O
dopamine NN O
, , O
opioid NN O
, , O
GABA NNP O
( , O
A NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
NMDA NNP O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
behavioral JJ O
studies NNS O
, , O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
treatment NN O
of IN O
mice NNS O
with IN O
BD1018 NNP O
, , O
BD1063 NNP O
, , O
or CC O
LR132 NNP O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBD O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
and CC O
lethality NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
post NN O
- HYPH O
treatment NN O
with IN O
LR132 NNP O
prevented VBD O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
lethality NN O
in IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
proportion NN O
of IN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
the DT O
protection NN O
provided VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
putative JJ O
antagonists NNS O
, , O
the DT O
well RB O
- HYPH O
characterized VBN O
sigma NN O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
di NN O
- HYPH O
o NN O
- HYPH O
tolylguanidine NN O
( , O
DTG NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
novel JJ O
sigma NN O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
BD1031 NNP O
( -LRB- O
3R NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dichlorophenyl NN O
) -RRB- O
ethyl NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
diazabicyclo NN O
[ -LRB- O
4 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
] -RRB- O
nonane NN O
) -RRB- O
each DT O
worsened VBD O
the DT O
behavioral JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
doses NNS O
where WRB O
alone RB O
, , O
they PRP O
produced VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
locomotion NN O
, , O
BD1018 NNP O
, , O
BD1063 NNP O
and CC O
LR132 NNP O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBD O
the DT O
locomotor NN O
stimulatory JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
further RB O
validate VB O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
the DT O
anti AFX O
- HYPH O
cocaine NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
novel JJ O
ligands NNS O
involved VBD O
antagonism NN O
of IN O
sigma NN O
receptors NNS O
, , O
an DT O
antisense JJ O
oligodeoxynucleotide NN O
against IN O
sigma1 NN O
receptors NNS O
was VBD O
also RB O
shown VBN O
to TO O
significantly RB O
attenuate VB O
the DT O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
and CC O
locomotor NN O
stimulatory JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Together RB O
, , O
the DT O
data NNS O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
functional JJ O
antagonism NN O
of IN O
sigma NN O
receptors NNS O
is VBZ O
capable JJ O
of IN O
attenuating VBG O
a DT O
number NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
behaviors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ranitidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
cadaveric JJ O
renal JJ O
allograft NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ranitidine NNP O
frequently RB O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
for IN O
preventing VBG O
peptic JJ O
ulceration NN O
after IN O
renal JJ O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
drug NN O
occasionally RB O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
acute JJ O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
in IN O
native JJ O
kidneys NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
are VBP O
no DT O
similar JJ O
reports NNS O
with IN O
renal JJ O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
ranitidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
recipient NN O
of IN O
a DT O
cadaveric JJ O
renal JJ O
allograft NN O
presenting VBG O
with IN O
acute JJ O
allograft NN O
dysfunction NN O
within IN O
48 CD O
hours NNS O
of IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
biopsy NN O
specimen NN O
showed VBD O
pathognomonic JJ O
features NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
eosinophilic JJ O
infiltration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
interstitial JJ O
compartment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Allograft NN O
function NN O
improved VBD O
rapidly RB O
and CC O
returned VBD O
to IN O
baseline NN O
after IN O
stopping VBG O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
propylthiouracil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
report NN O
presents VBZ O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
, , O
laboratory NN O
, , O
and CC O
light JJ O
and CC O
electron NN O
microscopic JJ O
observations NNS O
on IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
active JJ I-Disease
( , I-Disease
aggressive JJ I-Disease
) , I-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
propylthiouracil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
an DT O
addition NN O
to IN O
the DT O
list NN O
of IN O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
must MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Withdrawal NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
emergent JJ I-Disease
rabbit NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
during IN O
dose NN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
risperidone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rabbit NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( , O
RS NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
prolonged VBN O
neuroleptic JJ O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
we PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
withdrawal NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
emergent JJ I-Disease
RS NNP I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
kind NN O
to TO O
be VB O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
RS NNP B-Disease
during IN O
dose NN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
risperidone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
symptom NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
successfully RB O
with IN O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
anticholinergic JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
underlying VBG O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
withdrawal NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
emergent JJ I-Disease
RS NNP I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
case NN O
may MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
pharmacological JJ O
profile NN O
of IN O
risperidone NN O
, , O
a DT O
serotonin NN O
- HYPH O
dopamine NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
the DT O
pathophysiologic JJ O
influence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
serotonin NN O
system NN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
RS NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pharmacokinetic JJ O
/ SYM O
pharmacodynamic JJ O
assessment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
E4031 NN O
, , O
cisapride NN O
, , O
terfenadine NN O
and CC O
terodiline NN O
on IN O
monophasic JJ O
action NN O
potential JJ O
duration NN O
in IN O
dog NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
1 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Torsades NNS B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes FW I-Disease
( , O
TDP NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
potentially RB O
fatal JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
QT NNP O
interval JJ O
and CC O
monophasic JJ O
action NN O
potential JJ O
duration NN O
( , O
MAPD NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TDP NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
that WDT O
has VBZ O
led VBN O
to IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
several JJ O
drugs NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
market NN O
( , O
e LS O
. . O
g LS O
. . O
terfenadine NN O
and CC O
terodiline NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
2 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
potential NN O
of IN O
compounds NNS O
to TO O
cause VB O
TDP NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
by IN O
monitoring VBG O
their PRP$ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
MAPD NNP O
in IN O
dog NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Four CD O
compounds NNS O
known VBN O
to TO O
increase VB O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
and CC O
cause VB O
TDP NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
: : O
terfenadine NN O
, , O
terodiline NN O
, , O
cisapride NN O
and CC O
E4031 NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
basis NN O
that IN O
only RB O
free JJ O
drug NN O
in IN O
the DT O
systemic JJ O
circulation NN O
will MD O
elicit VB O
a DT O
pharmacological JJ O
response NN O
target NN O
, , O
free JJ O
concentrations NNS O
in IN O
plasma NN O
were VBD O
selected VBN O
to TO O
mimic VB O
the DT O
free JJ O
drug NN O
exposures NNS O
in IN O
man NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Infusion NN O
regimens NNS O
were VBD O
designed VBN O
that WDT O
rapidly RB O
achieved VBD O
and CC O
maintained VBD O
target NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
in IN O
plasma NN O
and CC O
data NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
free JJ O
concentration NN O
and CC O
changes NNS O
in IN O
MAPD NNP O
were VBD O
obtained VBN O
for IN O
these DT O
compounds NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
3 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
free JJ O
ED50 NN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
for IN O
terfenadine NN O
( , O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
terodiline NN O
( , O
76 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
cisapride NN O
( , O
11 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
E4031 CD O
( SYM O
1 CD O
. , O
9 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
closely RB O
correlate VBP O
with IN O
the DT O
free JJ O
concentration NN O
in IN O
man NN O
causing VBG O
QT NNP O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
compounds NNS O
that WDT O
have VBP O
shown VBN O
TDP NNP B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
clinic NN O
( , O
terfenadine NN O
, , O
terodiline NN O
, , O
cisapride NN O
) , O
there EX O
is VBZ O
little JJ O
differentiation NN O
between IN O
the DT O
dog NN O
ED50 NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
efficacious JJ O
free JJ O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
in IN O
man NN O
( : O
< SYM O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
) -RRB- O
reflecting VBG O
their PRP$ O
limited JJ O
safety NN O
margins NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
underline VBP O
the DT O
need NN O
to TO O
maximize VB O
the DT O
therapeutic JJ O
ratio NN O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
TDP NNP B-Disease
in IN O
potential JJ O
development NN O
candidates NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
importance NN O
of IN O
using VBG O
free JJ O
drug NN O
concentrations NNS O
in IN O
pharmacokinetic JJ O
/ SYM O
pharmacodynamic JJ O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bladder NN O
retention NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
urine NN I-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
continuous JJ O
intravenous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
fentanyl NN O
: : O
2 CD O
case NN O
reports NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sedation NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
neonate NN O
to TO O
decrease VB O
the DT O
stress NN O
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
from IN O
the DT O
noxious JJ O
stimuli NNS O
and CC O
invasive JJ O
procedures NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
neonatal JJ O
intensive JJ O
care NN O
unit NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
to TO O
facilitate VB O
synchrony NN O
between IN O
ventilator NN O
and CC O
spontaneous JJ O
breaths NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fentanyl NNP O
, , O
an DT O
opioid JJ O
analgesic NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
frequently RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
neonatal JJ O
intensive JJ O
care NN O
unit NN O
setting VBG O
for IN O
these DT O
very JJ O
purposes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Various JJ O
reported JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
fentanyl NN O
administration NN O
include VBP O
chest NN B-Disease
wall NN I-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
, , O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
, , O
2 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
urinary JJ B-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
retention NN I-Disease
leading VBG O
to IN O
renal JJ O
pelvocalyceal JJ O
dilatation NN O
mimicking VBG O
hydronephrosis NN B-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
continuous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
fentanyl NN O
are VBP O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fatal JJ O
myeloencephalopathy NN B-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
accidental JJ O
intrathecal JJ O
vincristin NN O
administration NN O
: : O
a DT O
report NN O
of IN O
two CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
on IN O
two CD O
fatal JJ O
cases NNS O
of IN O
accidental JJ O
intrathecal JJ O
vincristine NN O
instillation NN O
in IN O
a DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
old JJ O
girl NN O
with IN O
recurrent JJ O
acute JJ B-Disease
lymphoblastic JJ I-Disease
leucemia NN I-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
57 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
old JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
lymphoblastic JJ B-Disease
lymphoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
girl NN O
died VBD O
seven CD O
days NNS O
, , O
the DT O
man NN O
four CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
intrathecal JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
vincristine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinically RB O
, , O
the DT O
onset NN O
was VBD O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
signs NNS O
of IN O
opistothonus NN B-Disease
, , I-Disease
sensory NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
motor NN I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
and CC O
ascending VBG O
paralysis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histological JJ O
and CC O
immunohistochemical JJ O
investigations NNS O
( , O
HE NNP O
- HYPH O
LFB NNP O
, , O
CD NNP O
- HYPH O
68 CD O
, , O
Neurofilament NNP O
) -RRB- O
revealed VBD O
degeneration NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
myelin NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
axons NNS I-Disease
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
pseudocystic JJ B-Disease
transformation NN I-Disease
in IN O
areas NNS O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
vincristine NN O
, , O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
secondary JJ O
changes NNS O
with IN O
numerous JJ O
prominent JJ O
macrophages NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinical JJ O
course NN O
and CC O
histopathological JJ O
results NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
two CD O
cases NNS O
are VBP O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
review NN O
of IN O
all DT O
reported VBN O
cases NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
is VBZ O
given VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
better RBR O
controlled VBN O
regimen NN O
for IN O
administering VBG O
vincristine NN O
and CC O
intrathecal JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
is VBZ O
recommended VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Palpebral NNP B-Disease
twitching VBG I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
depressed JJ B-Disease
adolescent NN O
on IN O
citalopram NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Current JJ O
estimates NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
between IN O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
8 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
children NNS O
and CC O
adolescents NNS O
are VBP O
affected VBN O
by IN O
major JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
favorable JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
citalopram NN O
by IN O
a DT O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
boy NN O
with IN O
major JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
who WP O
exhibited VBD O
palpebral JJ B-Disease
twitching NN I-Disease
during IN O
his PRP$ O
first JJ O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
may MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
a DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
citalopram NN O
as IN O
it PRP O
remitted VBD O
with IN O
redistribution NN O
of IN O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
sulphasalazine NN O
syndrome NN O
strikes VBZ O
again RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
34 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
lady NN O
developed VBD O
a DT O
constellation NN O
of IN O
dermatitis NN B-Disease
, , O
fever NN B-Disease
, , O
lymphadenopathy NN B-Disease
and CC O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
, , O
beginning VBG O
on IN O
the DT O
17th JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
a DT O
course NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
sulphasalazine NN O
for IN O
sero JJ O
- HYPH O
negative JJ O
rheumatoid NN B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cervical JJ O
and CC O
inguinal JJ O
lymph NN O
node NN O
biopsies NNS O
showed VBD O
the DT O
features NNS O
of IN O
severe JJ O
necrotising JJ O
lymphadenitis NN B-Disease
, , O
associated VBN O
with IN O
erythrophagocytosis NN O
and CC O
prominent JJ O
eosinophilic JJ O
infiltrates NNS O
, , O
without IN O
viral JJ O
inclusion NN O
bodies NNS O
, , O
suggestive JJ O
of IN O
an DT O
adverse JJ B-Disease
drug NN I-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
. , O
A DT O
week NN O
later RB O
, , O
fulminant JJ O
drug NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
induced VBN I-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
, , O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
nuclear JJ O
autoantibodies NNS O
( , O
but CC O
not RB O
with IN O
other JJ O
markers NNS O
of IN O
autoimmunity NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
multi NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
organ NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
sepsis NNS B-Disease
, , O
supervened VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
subsequently RB O
died VBD O
some DT O
5 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
commencement NN O
of IN O
her PRP$ O
drug NN O
therapy NN O
. , O
Post NN O
- HYPH O
mortem NN O
examination NN O
showed VBD O
evidence NN O
of IN O
massive JJ B-Disease
hepatocellular JJ I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
, , O
acute JJ O
hypersensitivity NN O
myocarditis NN B-Disease
, , O
focal JJ O
acute JJ O
tubulo NN O
- HYPH O
interstitial JJ O
nephritis NN B-Disease
and CC O
extensive JJ O
bone NN B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
, , O
with IN O
no DT O
evidence NN O
of IN O
malignancy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
thought VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
clinico JJ O
- HYPH O
pathological JJ O
features NNS O
and CC O
chronology NN O
of IN O
this DT O
case NN O
bore VBD O
the DT O
hallmarks NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
so RB O
- HYPH O
called VBN O
"""" `` O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
sulphasalazine NN O
syndrome NN O
"""" '' O
, , O
a DT O
rare JJ O
, , O
but CC O
often RB O
fatal JJ O
, , O
immunoallergic JJ O
reaction NN O
to IN O
sulphasalazine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
prochlorperazine NN O
by IN O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
infusion NN O
versus IN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
bolus NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
: : O
a DT O
prospective JJ O
, , O
randomized VBN O
, , O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
STUDY NN O
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
We PRP O
sought VBD O
to TO O
compare VB O
the DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
prochlorperazine NN O
as IN O
a DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
bolus NN O
or CC O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
conducted VBD O
a DT O
prospective JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
study NN O
in IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
department NN O
of IN O
a DT O
central JJ O
- HYPH O
city NN O
teaching NN O
hospital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
aged VBN O
18 CD O
years NNS O
or CC O
older JJR O
treated VBN O
with IN O
prochlorperazine NN O
for IN O
headache NN B-Disease
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
were VBD O
eligible JJ O
for IN O
inclusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Study NN O
participants NNS O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
10 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
prochlorperazine NN O
administered VBN O
intravenously RB O
by IN O
means NNS O
of IN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
push NN O
( HYPH O
bolus NN O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
10 CD O
mg NN O
diluted VBN O
in IN O
50 CD O
mL NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
solution NN O
administered VBN O
by IN O
means NNS O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
infusion NN O
during IN O
a DT O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
period NN O
( -LRB- O
infusion NN O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
main JJ O
outcome NN O
was VBD O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
study NN O
participants NNS O
experiencing VBG O
akathisia NN B-Disease
within IN O
60 CD O
minutes NNS O
of IN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Akathisia NNP O
was VBD O
defined VBN O
as IN O
either CC O
a DT O
spontaneous JJ O
report NN O
of IN O
restlessness NN O
or CC O
agitation NN B-Disease
or CC O
a DT O
change NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
- HYPH O
reported VBN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
rating NN O
scale NN O
and CC O
a DT O
change NN O
of IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
1 CD O
in IN O
the DT O
investigator NN O
- HYPH O
observed VBN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
rating NN O
scale NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
intensity NN O
of IN O
headache NN B-Disease
and CC O
nausea NN B-Disease
was VBD O
measured VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
100 CD O
- HYPH O
mm NN O
visual JJ O
analog NN O
scale NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
One CD O
hundred CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
enrolled VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
study NN O
participant NN O
was VBD O
excluded VBN O
after IN O
protocol NN O
violation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seventy CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
percent NN O
( SYM O
73 CD O
/ SYM O
99 CD O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
participants NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
for IN O
headache NN B-Disease
and CC O
70 CD O
% NN O
( SYM O
70 CD O
/ SYM O
99 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
nausea NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
bolus NN O
group NN O
, , O
26 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
( SYM O
13 CD O
/ SYM O
50 CD O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
akathisia NN B-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
32 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
( , O
16 CD O
/ SYM O
49 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
infusion NN O
group NN O
( : O
Delta NNP O
= : O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
[ -LRB- O
CI NN O
] -RRB- O
- : O
24 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
11 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
difference NN O
between IN O
the DT O
bolus NN O
and CC O
infusion NN O
groups NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
percentage NN O
of IN O
participants NNS O
who WP O
saw VBD O
a DT O
50 CD O
% NN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
their PRP$ O
headache NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
within IN O
30 CD O
minutes NNS O
was VBD O
11 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
( : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
33 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
difference NN O
in IN O
the DT O
percentage NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
50 CD O
% NN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
their PRP$ O
nausea NN B-Disease
was VBD O
12 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
( : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
29 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
A DT O
50 CD O
% NN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
when WRB O
prochlorperazine NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
by IN O
means NNS O
of IN O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
intravenous JJ O
infusion NN O
versus IN O
a DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
intravenous JJ O
push NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
detected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
prochlorperazine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
headache NN B-Disease
and CC O
nausea NN B-Disease
likewise RB O
did VBD O
not RB O
appear VB O
to TO O
be VB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
administration NN O
, , O
although IN O
no DT O
formal JJ O
statistical JJ O
comparisons NNS O
were VBD O
made VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Combined VBN O
antiretroviral JJ O
therapy NN O
causes VBZ O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
and CC O
elevates VBZ O
plasma NN O
lactate NN O
in IN O
transgenic JJ O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Highly RB O
active JJ O
antiretroviral JJ O
therapy NN O
( -LRB- O
HAART NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
( , O
CM NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
in IN O
elevated JJ O
plasma NN O
lactate NN O
( -LRB- O
LA NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
through IN O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
determine VB O
mitochondrial JJ O
events NNS O
from IN O
HAART NNP O
in IN O
vivo NN O
, , O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
hemizygous NN O
transgenic JJ O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
mice NNS O
( -LRB- O
NL4 NNP O
- HYPH O
3Delta NNP O
gag NNP O
/ SYM O
pol NN O
; : O
TG NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
FVB NNP O
/ SYM O
n NN O
littermates NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
HAART NNP O
combination NN O
of IN O
zidovudine NN O
, , O
lamivudine NN O
, , O
and CC O
indinavir NN O
or CC O
vehicle NN O
control NN O
for IN O
10 CD O
days NNS O
or CC O
35 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
termination NN O
of IN O
the DT O
experiments NNS O
, , O
mice NNS O
underwent VBD O
echocardiography NN O
, , O
quantitation NN O
of IN O
abundance NN O
of IN O
molecular JJ O
markers NNS O
of IN O
CM NN B-Disease
( , O
ventricular JJ O
mRNA NN O
encoding VBG O
atrial JJ O
natriuretic JJ O
factor NN O
[ -LRB- O
ANF NN O
] -RRB- O
and CC O
sarcoplasmic JJ O
calcium NN O
ATPase NNP O
[ -LRB- O
SERCA2 NN O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
determination NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
LA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myocardial JJ O
histologic JJ O
features NNS O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
semiquantitatively RB O
and CC O
results NNS O
were VBD O
confirmed VBN O
by IN O
transmission NN O
electron NN O
microscopy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
35 CD O
days NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
TG NNP O
+ SYM O
HAART NNP O
cohort NN O
, , O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
mass NN O
increased VBD O
160 CD O
% NN O
by IN O
echocardiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Molecularly RB O
, , O
ANF NNP O
mRNA NNP O
increased VBD O
250 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
SERCA2 NNP O
mRNA NNP O
decreased VBD O
57 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Biochemically RB O
, , O
LA NNP O
was VBD O
elevated VBN O
( SYM O
8 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mM NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pathologically RB O
, , O
granular JJ O
cytoplasmic JJ O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
cardiac JJ O
myocytes NNS O
, , O
indicating VBG O
enlarged VBN O
, , O
damaged VBN O
mitochondria NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Findings NNS O
were VBD O
confirmed VBN O
ultrastructurally RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
other JJ O
cohorts NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
10 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
only RB O
ANF NNP O
was VBD O
elevated VBN O
, , O
and CC O
only RB O
in IN O
the DT O
TG NNP O
+ SYM O
HAART NNP O
cohort NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Results NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
cumulative JJ O
HAART NNP O
caused VBD O
mitochondrial JJ O
CM NN B-Disease
with IN O
elevated VBN O
LA NNP O
in IN O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
transgenic JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
Phase NNP O
II NNP O
trial NN O
of IN O
cisplatin NN O
plus CC O
WR NN O
- HYPH O
2721 CD O
( : O
amifostine NN O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
metastatic JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
: : O
an DT O
Eastern NNP O
Cooperative NNP O
Oncology NNP O
Group NNP O
Study NNP O
( , O
E8188 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Cisplatin NN O
has VBZ O
minimal JJ O
antitumor NN O
activity NN O
when WRB O
used VBN O
as IN O
second JJ O
- HYPH O
or CC O
third JJ O
- HYPH O
line NN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
metastatic JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Older JJR O
reports NNS O
suggest VBP O
an DT O
objective JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
8 CD O
% NN O
when WRB O
60 CD O
- SYM O
120 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 NN O
of IN O
cisplatin NN O
is VBZ O
administered VBN O
every DT O
3 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
response NN O
effect NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
observed VBN O
with IN O
cisplatin NN O
, , O
the DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
cisplatin NN O
( : O
e LS O
. . O
g NN O
. . O
, , O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
ototoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
) , O
have VBP O
limited VBN O
its PRP$ O
use NN O
as IN O
a DT O
treatment NN O
for IN O
breast NN B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
WR NNP O
- HYPH O
2721 CD O
or CC O
amifostine NN O
initially RB O
was VBD O
developed VBN O
to TO O
protect VB O
military NN O
personnel NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
event NN O
of IN O
nuclear JJ O
war NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amifostine NNP O
subsequently RB O
was VBD O
shown VBN O
to TO O
protect VB O
normal JJ O
tissues NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
alkylating VBG O
agents NNS O
and CC O
cisplatin NN O
without IN O
decreasing VBG O
the DT O
antitumor JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Early JJ O
trials NNS O
of IN O
cisplatin NN O
and CC O
amifostine NN O
also RB O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
cisplatin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
ototoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
were VBD O
reduced VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
Phase NNP O
II NNP O
study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
cisplatin NN O
plus CC O
amifostine NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
progressive JJ O
metastatic JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
who WP O
had VBD O
received VBN O
one CD O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
more JJR O
than IN O
one CD O
, , O
chemotherapy NN O
regimen NN O
for IN O
metastatic JJ O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
received VBD O
amifostine NN O
, , O
910 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
intravenously RB O
over IN O
15 CD O
minutes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
completion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
amifostine NN O
infusion NN O
, , O
cisplatin NN O
120 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
over IN O
30 CD O
minutes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
hydration NN O
and CC O
mannitol NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
cisplatin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
every DT O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
until IN O
disease NN O
progression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
four CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
enrolled VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
of IN O
which WDT O
7 CD O
( SYM O
16 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
ineligible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
median NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
cycles NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
37 CD O
eligible JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
partial JJ O
responses NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
for IN O
an DT O
overall JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
16 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Most JJS O
patients NNS O
( , O
57 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
stopped VBD O
treatment NN O
because IN O
of IN O
disease NN O
progression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neurologic JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
was VBD O
reported VBN O
in IN O
52 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seven CD O
different JJ O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
while IN O
receiving VBG O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
cisplatin NN O
and CC O
amifostine NN O
in IN O
this DT O
study NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
an DT O
overall JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
16 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neither CC O
a DT O
tumor NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
protective JJ O
effect NN O
nor CC O
reduced VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
to IN O
normal JJ O
tissues NNS O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
amifostine NN O
to IN O
cisplatin NN O
in IN O
this DT O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
An DT O
association NN O
between IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
found VBN O
in IN O
some DT O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
all DT O
, , O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
this DT O
association NN O
, , O
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
type NN O
of IN O
progestagen NN O
included VBN O
in IN O
third JJ O
- HYPH O
generation NN O
( : O
i LS O
. . O
e LS O
. . O
, , O
desogestrel NN O
or CC O
gestodene NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
second JJ O
- HYPH O
generation NN O
( : O
i LS O
. . O
e LS O
. . O
, , O
levonorgestrel NN O
) -RRB- O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
, , O
the DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
estrogen NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
presence NN O
or CC O
absence NN O
of IN O
prothrombotic JJ O
mutations NNS O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
a DT O
nationwide JJ O
, , O
population NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
, , O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
identified VBD O
and CC O
enrolled VBD O
248 CD O
women NNS O
18 CD O
through IN O
49 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
who WP O
had VBD O
had VBN O
a DT O
first JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
between IN O
1990 CD O
and CC O
1995 CD O
and CC O
925 CD O
control NN O
women NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
not RB O
had VBN O
a DT O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
and CC O
who WP O
were VBD O
matched VBN O
for IN O
age NN O
, , O
calendar NN O
year NN O
of IN O
the DT O
index NN O
event NN O
, , O
and CC O
area NN O
of IN O
residence NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjects NNS O
supplied VBD O
information NN O
on IN O
oral JJ O
- HYPH O
contraceptive JJ O
use NN O
and CC O
major JJ O
cardiovascular JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
analysis NN O
for IN O
factor NN O
V NNP O
Leiden NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
G20210A NNP O
mutation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
prothrombin NN O
gene NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
in IN O
217 CD O
patients NNS O
and CC O
763 CD O
controls NNS O
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
for IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
among IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
used VBD O
any DT O
type NN O
of IN O
combined VBN O
oral JJ O
contraceptive NN O
, , O
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
nonusers NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
to TO O
2 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
adjusted JJ O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
was VBD O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
to TO O
4 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
among IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
used VBD O
second JJ O
- HYPH O
generation NN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
to TO O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
among IN O
those DT O
who WP O
used VBD O
third JJ O
- HYPH O
generation NN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
used VBD O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
, , O
the DT O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
was VBD O
2 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
to TO O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
those DT O
without IN O
a DT O
prothrombotic JJ O
mutation NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
to TO O
5 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
those DT O
with IN O
a DT O
mutation NN O
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
was VBD O
increased VBN O
among IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
used VBD O
second JJ O
- HYPH O
generation NN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
third JJ O
- HYPH O
generation NN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
were VBD O
inconclusive JJ O
but CC O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
was VBD O
lower JJR O
than IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
second JJ O
- HYPH O
generation NN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
was VBD O
similar JJ O
among IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
used VBD O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
whether IN O
or CC O
not RB O
they PRP O
had VBD O
a DT O
prothrombotic JJ O
mutation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
End NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
stage NN I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
after IN O
orthotopic JJ O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
( -LRB- O
OLTX NNP O
) -RRB- O
using VBG O
calcineurin NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
immunotherapy NN O
: : O
risk NN O
of IN O
development NN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
calcineurin NN O
inhibitors NNS O
cyclosporine NN O
and CC O
tacrolimus NN O
are VBP O
both DT O
known VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Their PRP$ O
use NN O
in IN O
orthotopic JJ O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
( , O
OLTX NNP O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
dramatically RB O
improved VBN O
success NN O
rates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recently RB O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
we PRP O
have VBP O
had VBN O
an DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
presenting VBG O
after IN O
OLTX NNP O
with IN O
end JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
stage NN I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
retrospective JJ O
study NN O
examines VBZ O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
of IN O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
and CC O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
( , O
CRF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
OLTX NNP O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
an DT O
OLTX NNP O
only RB O
from IN O
June NNP O
1985 CD O
through IN O
December NNP O
of IN O
1994 CD O
who WP O
survived VBD O
6 CD O
months NNS O
postoperatively RB O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
834 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
prospectively RB O
collected VBN O
database NN O
was VBD O
the DT O
source NN O
of IN O
information NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
were VBD O
divided VBN O
into IN O
three CD O
groups NNS O
: : O
Controls NNS O
, , O
no DT O
CRF NNP B-Disease
or CC O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
748 CD O
; : O
CRF NNP B-Disease
, , O
sustained JJ O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
> SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
41 CD O
; : O
and CC O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
45 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Groups NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
for IN O
preoperative JJ O
laboratory NN O
variables NNS O
, , O
diagnosis NN O
, , O
postoperative JJ O
variables NNS O
, , O
survival NN O
, , O
type NN O
of IN O
ESRD NN B-Disease
therapy NN O
, , O
and CC O
survival NN O
from IN O
onset NN O
of IN O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
At IN O
13 CD O
years NNS O
after IN O
OLTX NNP O
, , O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
was VBD O
18 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
( , O
CRF NN B-Disease
8 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
ESRD NN B-Disease
9 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
control NN O
patients NNS O
, , O
CRF NNP B-Disease
and CC O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
had VBD O
higher JJR O
preoperative JJ O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
a DT O
greater JJR O
percentage NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
hepatorenal JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
, , O
higher JJR O
percentage NN O
requirement NN O
for IN O
dialysis NN O
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
3 CD O
months NNS O
postoperatively RB O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
higher JJR O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Multivariate NN O
stepwise JJ O
logistic JJ O
regression NN O
analysis NN O
using VBG O
preoperative JJ O
and CC O
postoperative JJ O
variables NNS O
identified VBD O
that IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
average JJ O
at IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
, , O
3 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
and CC O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
postoperatively RB O
were VBD O
independent JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
CRF NNP B-Disease
or CC O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
with IN O
odds NNS O
ratios NNS O
of IN O
2 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
, , O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Overall JJ O
survival NN O
from IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
OLTX NNP O
was VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
different JJ O
among IN O
groups NNS O
, , O
but CC O
by IN O
year NN O
13 CD O
, , O
the DT O
survival NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
only RB O
28 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
54 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
developing VBG O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
had VBD O
a DT O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
survival NN O
after IN O
onset NN O
of IN O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
of IN O
27 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
hemodialysis NN O
versus IN O
71 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
developing VBG O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
who WP O
subsequently RB O
received VBD O
kidney NN O
transplants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Patients NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
more JJR O
than IN O
10 CD O
years NNS O
post NN O
- HYPH O
OLTX NNP O
have VBP O
CRF NNP B-Disease
and CC O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
at IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
development NN O
of IN O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
decreases VBZ O
survival NN O
, , O
particularly RB O
in IN O
those DT O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
dialysis NN O
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
who WP O
develop VBP O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
have VBP O
a DT O
higher JJR O
preoperative JJ O
and CC O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
and CC O
are VBP O
more RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
have VB O
hepatorenal JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
an DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
at IN O
various JJ O
times NNS O
postoperatively RB O
is VBZ O
more RBR O
predictive JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
CRF NNP B-Disease
or CC O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
New JJ O
strategies NNS O
for IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
immunosuppression NN O
may MD O
be VB O
needed VBN O
to TO O
decrease VB O
this DT O
complication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epileptic JJ B-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
following VBG O
cortical JJ O
application NN O
of IN O
fibrin NN O
sealants NNS O
containing VBG O
tranexamic JJ O
acid NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Fibrin NNP O
sealants NNS O
( -LRB- O
FS NNP O
) -RRB- O
derived VBN O
from IN O
human JJ O
plasma NN O
are VBP O
frequently RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
neurosurgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
order NN O
to TO O
increase VB O
clot NN O
stability NN O
, , O
FS NNP O
typically RB O
contain VBP O
aprotinin NN O
, , O
a DT O
natural JJ O
fibrinolysis NN O
inhibitor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recently RB O
, , O
synthetic JJ O
fibrinolysis NN O
inhibitors NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
tranexamic JJ O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
tAMCA NNP O
) -RRB- O
have VBP O
been VBN O
considered VBN O
as IN O
substitutes NNS O
for IN O
aprotinin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
tAMCA NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
cause VB O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
wanted VBD O
to TO O
study VB O
whether IN O
tAMCA NNP O
retains VBZ O
its PRP$ O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
action NN O
if IN O
incorporated VBN O
into IN O
a DT O
FS NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
FS NNS O
containing VBG O
aprotinin NN O
or CC O
different JJ O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
tAMCA NNP O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
47 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
applied VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
pial JJ O
surface NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cortex NN O
of IN O
anaesthetized JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
response NN O
of IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
using VBG O
electroencephalography NN O
and CC O
by IN O
monitoring VBG O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
behaviour NN O
during IN O
and CC O
after IN O
recovery NN O
from IN O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
FINDINGS NNS O
: : O
FS NNP O
containing VBG O
tAMCA NNP O
caused VBD O
paroxysmal JJ O
brain NN O
activity NN O
which WDT O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
distinct JJ O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
behaviours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
these DT O
seizures NNS B-Disease
increased VBD O
with IN O
increasing VBG O
concentration NN O
of IN O
tAMCA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
FS NNP O
containing VBG O
47 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NNP O
tAMCA NNP O
evoked VBD O
generalized VBN B-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
in IN O
all DT O
tested VBN O
rats NNS O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
while IN O
the DT O
lowest JJS O
concentration NN O
of IN O
tAMCA NNP O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
only RB O
evoked VBD O
brief JJ O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
jerk NN O
- HYPH O
correlated VBN O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
potentials NNS O
in IN O
1 CD O
of IN O
6 CD O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
FS NNP O
containing VBG O
aprotinin NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
evoke VB O
any DT O
paroxysmal JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTERPRETATION NN O
: : O
Tranexamic JJ O
acid NN O
retains VBZ O
its PRP$ O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
action NN O
within IN O
FS NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
use NN O
of IN O
FS NNP O
containing VBG O
tAMCA NNP O
for IN O
surgery NN O
within IN O
or CC O
close RB O
to IN O
the DT O
CNS NNP O
may MD O
pose VB O
a DT O
substantial JJ O
risk NN O
to IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sequential JJ O
observations NNS O
of IN O
exencephaly NN B-Disease
and CC O
subsequent JJ O
morphological JJ O
changes NNS O
by IN O
mouse NN O
exo JJ O
utero NN O
development NN O
system NN O
: : O
analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
transformation NN O
from IN O
exencephaly NN B-Disease
to IN O
anencephaly NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anencephaly NNP B-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
suggested VBN O
to TO O
develop VB O
from IN O
exencephaly NN B-Disease
; : O
however RB O
, , O
there EX O
is VBZ O
little JJ O
direct JJ O
experimental JJ O
evidence NN O
to TO O
support VB O
this DT O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
transformation NN O
remains VBZ O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
examined VBD O
this DT O
theory NN O
using VBG O
the DT O
exo JJ O
utero NN O
development NN O
system NN O
that WDT O
allows VBZ O
direct JJ O
and CC O
sequential JJ O
observations NNS O
of IN O
mid JJ O
- HYPH O
to IN O
late JJ O
- HYPH O
gestation NN O
mouse NN O
embryos NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
observed VBD O
the DT O
exencephaly NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
azacytidine NN O
at IN O
embryonic JJ O
day NN O
13 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
( , O
E13 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
let VB O
the DT O
embryos NNS O
develop VB O
exo JJ O
utero NN O
until IN O
E18 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
and CC O
re RB O
- HYPH O
observed VBN O
the DT O
same JJ O
embryos NNS O
at IN O
E18 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
confirmed VBD O
several JJ O
cases NNS O
of IN O
transformation NN O
from IN O
exencephaly NN B-Disease
to IN O
anencephaly NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
in IN O
many JJ O
cases NNS O
, , O
the DT O
exencephalic JJ B-Disease
brain NN O
tissue NN O
was VBD O
preserved VBN O
with IN O
more JJR O
or CC O
less JJR O
reduction NN O
during IN O
this DT O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
analyze VB O
the DT O
transformation NN O
patterns NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
classified VBD O
the DT O
exencephaly NN B-Disease
by IN O
size NN O
and CC O
shape NN O
of IN O
the DT O
exencephalic JJ B-Disease
tissue NN O
into IN O
several JJ O
types NNS O
at IN O
E13 NNP O
. . O
5 CD O
and CC O
E18 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
found VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
transformation NN O
of IN O
exencephalic JJ B-Disease
tissue NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
simply RB O
size NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
, , O
and CC O
all DT O
cases NNS O
of IN O
anencephaly NN B-Disease
at IN O
E18 CD O
. , O
5 CD O
resulted VBD O
from IN O
embryos NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
large JJ O
amount NN O
of IN O
exencephalic JJ B-Disease
tissue NN O
at IN O
E13 NNP O
. . O
5 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Microscopic JJ O
observation NN O
showed VBD O
the DT O
configuration NN O
of IN O
exencephaly NN B-Disease
at IN O
E13 CD O
. , O
5 CD O
, , O
frequent JJ O
hemorrhaging NN B-Disease
and CC O
detachment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
neural JJ O
plate NN O
from IN O
surface NN O
ectoderm NN O
in IN O
the DT O
exencephalic JJ B-Disease
head NN O
at IN O
E15 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
and CC O
multiple JJ O
modes NNS O
of IN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
exencephalic JJ B-Disease
tissue NN O
at IN O
E18 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
observations NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
vasculature NN O
, , O
altered VBN O
distribution NN O
patterns NNS O
of IN O
vessels NNS O
were VBD O
identified VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
exencephalic JJ B-Disease
head NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
overgrowth NN O
of IN O
the DT O
exencephalic JJ B-Disease
neural JJ O
tissue NN O
causes VBZ O
the DT O
altered VBN O
distribution NN O
patterns NNS O
of IN O
vessels NNS O
, , O
subsequent JJ O
peripheral JJ O
circulatory JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
hemorrhaging NN B-Disease
in IN O
various JJ O
parts NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
exencephalic JJ B-Disease
head NN O
, , O
leading VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
multiple JJ O
modes NNS O
of IN O
tissue NN O
reduction NN O
during IN O
transformation NN O
from IN O
exencephaly NN B-Disease
to IN O
anencephaly JJ B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
99mTc NNP O
- HYPH O
glucarate NN O
for IN O
detection NN O
of IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Infarct JJ B-Disease
- HYPH O
avid JJ O
radiopharmaceuticals NNS O
are VBP O
necessary JJ O
for IN O
rapid JJ O
and CC O
timely JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
animal NN O
model NN O
used VBN O
to TO O
produce VB O
infarction NN B-Disease
implies VBZ O
artery NN O
ligation NN O
but CC O
chemical NN O
induction NN O
can MD O
be VB O
easily RB O
obtained VBN O
with IN O
isoproterenol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
new JJ O
infarct JJ B-Disease
- HYPH O
avid JJ O
radiopharmaceutical NN O
based VBN O
on IN O
glucaric JJ O
acid NN O
was VBD O
prepared VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
hospital NN O
radiopharmacy NN O
of IN O
the DT O
INCMNSZ NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
99mTc NNP O
- HYPH O
glucarate NNP O
was VBD O
easy JJ O
to TO O
prepare VB O
, , O
stable JJ O
for IN O
96 CD O
h NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
study VB O
its PRP$ O
biodistribution NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histological JJ O
studies NNS O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
rats NNS O
developed VBD O
an DT O
infarct NN B-Disease
18 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
isoproterenol NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rat NN O
biodistribution NN O
studies NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
rapid JJ O
blood NN O
clearance NN O
via IN O
the DT O
kidneys NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
99mTc NNP O
- HYPH O
glucarate JJ O
administration NN O
the DT O
standardised JJ O
heart NN O
uptake NN O
value NN O
S NNP O
( -LRB- O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
UV NNP O
was VBD O
4 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
in IN O
infarcted JJ O
rat NN O
heart NN O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
six CD O
times NNS O
more JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
normal JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
ROIs NNS O
drawn VBN O
over IN O
the DT O
gamma NN O
camera NN O
images NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
ratio NN O
of IN O
4 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
high JJ O
image NN O
quality NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
high JJ O
contrast NN O
images NNS O
can MD O
be VB O
obtained VBN O
in IN O
humans NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
96 CD O
h NN O
stability NN O
makes VBZ O
it PRP O
an DT O
ideal JJ O
agent NN O
to TO O
detect VB O
, , O
in IN O
patients NNS O
, , O
early JJ O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bupropion NN O
( : O
Zyban NNP O
) -RRB- O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bupropion NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
monocyclic JJ O
antidepressant NN O
structurally RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
amphetamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Zyban NNP O
, , O
a DT O
sustained JJ O
- HYPH O
release NN O
formulation NN O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
hydrochloride NN O
, , O
was VBD O
recently RB O
released VBN O
in IN O
Ireland NNP O
, , O
as IN O
a DT O
smoking NN O
cessation NN O
aid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
6 CD O
months NNS O
since IN O
it PRP O
' '' O
s POS O
introduction NN O
, , O
12 CD O
overdose NN B-Disease
cases NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to IN O
The DT O
National NNP O
Poisons NNPS O
Information NNP O
Centre NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
8 CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Common JJ O
features NNS O
included VBD O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
drowsiness NN O
, , O
hallucinations NNS B-Disease
and CC O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
severe JJ O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
one CD O
patient NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
resuscitated VBN O
following VBG O
a DT O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
recovered VBD O
without IN O
sequelae NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
31 CD O
year NN O
old JJ O
female NN O
who WP O
required VBD O
admission NN O
to IN O
the DT O
Intensive NNP O
Care NNP O
Unit NNP O
for IN O
ventilation NN O
and CC O
full JJ O
supportive JJ O
therapy NN O
, , O
following VBG O
ingestion NN O
of IN O
13 CD O
. . O
5g CD O
bupropion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurrent JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
diazepam NN O
and CC O
broad JJ O
complex JJ O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
successfully RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
adenosine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Zyban NNP O
caused VBD O
significant JJ O
neurological JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
cardiovascular JJ I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
in IN O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
potential JJ O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
when WRB O
prescribing VBG O
it PRP O
as IN O
a DT O
smoking NN O
cessation NN O
aid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
GLEPP1 NNP O
receptor NN O
tyrosine NN O
phosphatase NN O
( , O
Ptpro NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
rat NN O
PAN NNP O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
marker NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
podocyte NN O
injury NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glomerular JJ O
epithelial JJ O
protein NN O
1 CD O
( , O
GLEPP1 NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
podocyte NN O
receptor NN O
membrane NN O
protein NN O
tyrosine NN O
phosphatase NN O
located VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
apical JJ O
cell NN O
membrane NN O
of IN O
visceral JJ O
glomerular JJ O
epithelial JJ O
cell NN O
and CC O
foot NN O
processes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
receptor NN O
plays VBZ O
a DT O
role NN O
in IN O
regulating VBG O
the DT O
structure NN O
and CC O
function NN O
of IN O
podocyte NN O
foot NN O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
better RBR O
understand VB O
the DT O
utility NN O
of IN O
GLEPP1 NNP O
as IN O
a DT O
marker NN O
of IN O
glomerular JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
, , O
the DT O
amount NN O
and CC O
distribution NN O
of IN O
GLEPP1 NN O
protein NN O
and CC O
mRNA NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
by IN O
immunohistochemistry NN O
, , O
Western JJ O
blot NN O
and CC O
RNase NNP O
protection NN O
assay NN O
in IN O
a DT O
model NN O
of IN O
podocyte NN O
injury NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
single JJ O
intraperitoneal JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
( , O
PAN NNP O
, , O
20 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
100g CD O
BW NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tissues NNS O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
at IN O
0 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
, , O
11 CD O
, , O
21 CD O
, , O
45 CD O
, , O
80 CD O
and CC O
126 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
PAN NNP O
injection NN O
so IN O
as IN O
to TO O
include VB O
both CC O
the DT O
acute JJ O
phase NN O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
foot NN O
process NN O
effacement NN O
( , O
days NNS O
5 CD O
- SYM O
11 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
chronic JJ O
phase NN O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
glomerulosclerosis NN B-Disease
( , O
days NNS O
45 CD O
- SYM O
126 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
day NN O
5 CD O
, , O
GLEPP1 NNP O
protein NN O
and CC O
mRNA NN O
were VBD O
reduced VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
range NN O
( : O
265 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
79 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
6 CD O
) SYM O
moles NNS O
/ SYM O
glomerulus NN O
and CC O
100 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
to TO O
15 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
( , O
41 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
6 CD O
) SYM O
moles NNS O
/ SYM O
glomerulus NN O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
005 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
association NN O
with IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
urinary JJ O
protein NN O
content NN O
from IN O
1 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
1 CD O
to IN O
99 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
61 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
( : O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
podocalyxin NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
significantly RB O
at IN O
this DT O
time NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
day NN O
11 CD O
, , O
GLEPP1 NNP O
protein NN O
and CC O
mRNA NNP O
had VBD O
begun VBN O
to TO O
return VB O
towards IN O
baseline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
day NN O
45 CD O
- SYM O
126 CD O
, , O
at IN O
a DT O
time NN O
when WRB O
glomerular JJ O
scarring NN O
was VBD O
present JJ O
, , O
GLEPP1 NNP O
was VBD O
absent JJ O
from IN O
glomerulosclerotic JJ O
areas NNS O
although IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
glomerular JJ O
content NN O
of IN O
GLEPP1 NNP O
was VBD O
not RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
GLEPP1 NNP O
expression NN O
, , O
unlike IN O
podocalyxin NN O
, , O
reflects VBZ O
podocyte NN O
injury NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
PAN NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
GLEPP1 NNP O
expression NN O
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
useful JJ O
marker NN O
of IN O
podocyte NN O
injury NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antithymocyte NN O
globulin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
received VBD O
antithymocyte NN O
globulin NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bone NN O
marrow NN O
recovery NN O
and CC O
peripheral JJ O
blood NN O
recovery NN O
were VBD O
complete JJ O
1 CD O
month NN O
and CC O
3 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
after IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
and CC O
blood NN O
transfusion NN O
or CC O
other JJ O
therapies NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
necessary JJ O
in IN O
a DT O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
period NN O
of IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
2 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Use NN O
of IN O
antithymocyte NN O
globulin NN O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
optimal JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metamizol NNP O
potentiates VBZ O
morphine NN O
antinociception NN O
but CC O
not RB O
constipation NN B-Disease
after IN O
chronic JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
work NN O
evaluates VBZ O
the DT O
antinociceptive JJ O
and CC O
constipating JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
morphine NN O
with IN O
177 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
metamizol NN O
in IN O
acutely RB O
and CC O
chronically RB O
treated VBN O
( , O
once RB O
a DT O
day NN O
for IN O
12 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
13th JJ O
day NN O
, , O
antinociceptive JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
model NN O
of IN O
inflammatory JJ O
nociception NN O
, , O
pain NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
functional JJ O
impairment NN O
model NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
charcoal JJ O
meal NN O
test NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
intestinal JJ O
transit NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Simultaneous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
with IN O
metamizol NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
markedly RB O
antinociceptive JJ O
potentiation NN O
and CC O
an DT O
increasing VBG O
of IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
after IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
( , O
298 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
139 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
36 CD O
units NNS O
area NN O
( , O
ua FW O
) -RRB- O
; : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
repeated VBN O
administration NN O
( : O
280 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
17 CD O
vs IN O
. . O
131 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
22 CD O
ua NN O
; : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antinociceptive JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
chronically RB O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
( : O
39 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
vs NNS O
. . O
18 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
au NN O
) -RRB- O
while IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
antinociception NN O
was VBD O
remained VBN O
similar JJ O
as IN O
an DT O
acute JJ O
treatment NN O
( : O
298 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
280 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
17 CD O
au NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
antinociceptive JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
were VBD O
partially RB O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
3 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
naloxone NN O
s NNS O
. . O
c -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
( : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
the DT O
partial JJ O
involvement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
opioidergic JJ O
system NN O
in IN O
the DT O
synergism NN O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
independent JJ O
groups NNS O
, , O
morphine NN O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
intestinal JJ O
transit NN O
in IN O
48 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
4 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
38 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
4 CD O
% NN O
after IN O
acute JJ O
and CC O
chronic JJ O
treatment NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
tolerance NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
develop VB O
to IN O
the DT O
constipating VBG B-Disease
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
combination NN O
inhibited VBD O
intestinal JJ O
transit NN O
similar JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
produced VBN O
by IN O
morphine NN O
regardless RB O
of IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
metamizol NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
potentiate VB O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
constipation NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
show VBP O
a DT O
significant JJ O
interaction NN O
between IN O
morphine NN O
and CC O
metamizol NN O
in IN O
chronically RB O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
this DT O
combination NN O
could MD O
be VB O
useful JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ifosfamide NNP O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
presenting VBG O
with IN O
asterixis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CNS NNP O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
antineoplastic JJ O
agent NN O
ifosfamide NN O
( : O
IFX NNP O
) -RRB- O
are VBP O
frequent JJ O
and CC O
include VBP O
a DT O
variety NN O
of IN O
neurological JJ O
symptoms NNS O
that WDT O
can MD O
limit VB O
drug NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
51 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
severe JJ O
, , O
disabling JJ O
negative JJ O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
upper JJ O
and CC O
lower JJ O
extremities NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
infusion NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
for IN O
plasmacytoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
was VBD O
awake JJ O
, , O
revealed VBD O
no DT O
changes NNS O
of IN O
mental JJ O
status NN O
and CC O
at IN O
rest NN O
there EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
further JJ O
motor NN O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cranial JJ O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
and CC O
extensive JJ O
laboratory NN O
studies NNS O
failed VBD O
to TO O
reveal VB O
structural JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
brain NN I-Disease
and CC O
metabolic JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
electroencephalogram NN O
showed VBD O
continuous JJ O
, , O
generalized JJ O
irregular JJ O
slowing NN O
with IN O
admixed VBN O
periodic JJ O
triphasic JJ O
waves NNS O
indicating VBG O
symptomatic JJ O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
and CC O
within IN O
12 CD O
h NN O
the DT O
asterixis NN B-Disease
resolved VBN O
completely RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
described VBN O
, , O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
asterixis NN B-Disease
during IN O
infusion NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
, , O
normal JJ O
laboratory NN O
findings NNS O
and CC O
imaging NN O
studies NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
resolution NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
following VBG O
the DT O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
negative JJ O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
IFX NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antagonism NN O
between IN O
interleukin NN O
3 CD O
and CC O
erythropoietin NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
with IN O
azidothymidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
in IN O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Azidothymidine NNP O
( , O
AZT NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
can MD O
be VB O
reversed VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
IGF NNP O
- HYPH O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
( HYPH O
fusion NN O
protein NN O
of IN O
insulin NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
II NNP O
( -LRB- O
IGF NNP O
II NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
interleukin NN O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
interleukin NN O
3 CD O
( , O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
erythropoietin NN O
( , O
EPO NN O
) -RRB- O
are VBP O
known VBN O
to TO O
act VB O
synergistically RB O
on IN O
hematopoietic JJ O
cell NN O
proliferation NN O
in IN O
vitro FW O
, , O
injection NN O
of IN O
IGF NNP O
- HYPH O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
and CC O
EPO NN O
in IN O
AZT NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
mice NNS O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
red JJ O
cells NNS O
and CC O
an DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
EPO NN O
levels NNS O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
IGF NNP O
- HYPH O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
or CC O
EPO NNP O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
tested VBD O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
the DT O
antagonistic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
and CC O
EPO NN O
on IN O
erythroid NN O
cells NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bovine JJ O
liver NN O
erythroid NN O
cells NNS O
were VBD O
cultured VBN O
on IN O
monolayers NNS O
of IN O
human JJ O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
previously RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
EPO NNP O
and CC O
IGF NNP O
- HYPH O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
reduction NN O
of IN O
thymidine NN O
incorporation NN O
into IN O
both CC O
erythroid NN O
and CC O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
in IN O
cultures NNS O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
with IN O
IGF NNP O
- HYPH O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
and CC O
EPO NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Endothelial JJ O
cell NN O
culture NN O
supernatants NNS O
separated VBN O
by IN O
ultrafiltration NN O
and CC O
ultracentrifugation NN O
from IN O
cells NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
EPO NNP O
and CC O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBD O
thymidine NN O
incorporation NN O
into IN O
erythroid NN O
cells NNS O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
identical JJ O
fractions NNS O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
media NNS O
of IN O
cells NNS O
cultured VBN O
with IN O
EPO NNP O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
treated VBN O
simultaneously RB O
with IN O
EPO NNP O
and CC O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
have VBP O
a DT O
negative JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
erythroid NN O
cell NN O
production NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
hippocampal JJ O
acetylcholine NN O
release NN O
and CC O
cholinergic JJ O
convulsant JJ O
sensitivity NN O
in IN O
withdrawal NN O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
prone JJ O
and CC O
withdrawal NN O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
resistant JJ O
selected VBN O
mouse NN O
lines NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
septo JJ O
- HYPH O
hippocampal JJ O
cholinergic JJ O
pathway NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
epileptogenesis NN O
, , O
and CC O
genetic JJ O
factors NNS O
influence VBP O
the DT O
response NN O
to IN O
cholinergic JJ O
agents NNS O
, , O
but CC O
limited JJ O
data NNS O
are VBP O
available JJ O
on IN O
cholinergic JJ O
involvement NN O
in IN O
alcohol NN O
withdrawal NN O
severity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
the DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
cholinergic JJ O
activity NN O
and CC O
responsiveness NN O
and CC O
alcohol NN O
withdrawal NN O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
genetic JJ O
animal NN O
model NN O
of IN O
ethanol NN O
withdrawal NN O
severity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Cholinergic JJ O
convulsant JJ O
sensitivity NN O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
in IN O
alcohol NN O
- HYPH O
na NN O
ve IN O
Withdrawal NNP O
Seizure NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
Prone NNP O
( -LRB- O
WSP NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
- HYPH O
Resistant JJ O
( -LRB- O
WSR NNP O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Animals NNS O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
nicotine NN O
, , O
carbachol NN O
, , O
or CC O
neostigmine NN O
via IN O
timed VBN O
tail NN O
vein NN O
infusion NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
latencies NNS O
to IN O
onset NN O
of IN O
tremor NN B-Disease
and CC O
clonus NN O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
and CC O
converted VBN O
to IN O
threshold NN O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
also RB O
used VBD O
microdialysis NN O
to TO O
measure VB O
basal NN O
and CC O
potassium NN O
- HYPH O
stimulated VBN O
acetylcholine NN O
( HYPH O
ACh NN O
) -RRB- O
release NN O
in IN O
the DT O
CA1 NNP O
region NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Potassium NN O
was VBD O
applied VBN O
by IN O
reverse JJ O
dialysis NN O
twice RB O
, , O
separated VBN O
by IN O
75 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hippocampal NNP O
ACh NNP O
also RB O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
during IN O
testing NN O
for IN O
handling NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Sensitivity NN O
to IN O
several JJ O
convulsion NN B-Disease
endpoints NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
nicotine NN O
, , O
carbachol NN O
, , O
and CC O
neostigmine NN O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
greater JJR O
in IN O
WSR NNP O
versus IN O
WSP NNP O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
microdialysis JJ O
experiments NNS O
, , O
the DT O
lines NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
in IN O
basal JJ O
release NN O
of IN O
ACh NNP O
, , O
and CC O
50 CD O
mM NN O
KCl NNP O
increased VBD O
ACh NN O
output NN O
in IN O
both DT O
lines NNS O
of IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
release NN O
of IN O
ACh NNP O
produced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
application NN O
of IN O
KCl NNP O
was VBD O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
higher JJR O
in IN O
WSP NNP O
versus IN O
WSR NNP O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
hippocampal JJ O
ACh NNP O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
during IN O
testing NN O
for IN O
handling NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
, , O
extracellular JJ O
ACh NNP O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
elevated VBN O
( : O
192 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
WSP NNP O
mice NNS O
, , O
but CC O
was VBD O
nonsignificantly RB O
elevated VBN O
( : O
59 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
WSR NNP O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
differences NNS O
in IN O
cholinergic JJ O
activity NN O
and CC O
postsynaptic JJ O
sensitivity NN O
to IN O
cholinergic JJ O
convulsants NNS B-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
ethanol NN O
withdrawal NN O
severity NN O
and CC O
implicate VB O
cholinergic JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
in IN O
alcohol NN O
withdrawal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Specifically RB O
, , O
WSP NNP O
mice NNS O
may MD O
have VB O
lower JJR O
sensitivity NN O
to IN O
cholinergic JJ O
convulsants NNS B-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
WSR NNP O
because IN O
of IN O
postsynaptic JJ O
receptor NN O
desensitization NN O
brought VBN O
on RP O
by IN O
higher JJR O
activity NN O
of IN O
cholinergic JJ O
neurons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Capsaicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
muscle NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
alters VBZ O
the DT O
excitability NN O
of IN O
the DT O
human JJ O
jaw NN O
- HYPH O
stretch NN O
reflex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pathophysiology NN O
of IN O
painful JJ O
temporomandibular JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
fully RB O
understood VBN O
, , O
but CC O
evidence NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
modulates VBZ O
motor NN O
function NN O
in IN O
characteristic JJ O
ways NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
tested VBD O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
activation NN O
of IN O
nociceptive JJ B-Disease
muscle NN I-Disease
afferent JJ O
fibers NNS O
would MD O
be VB O
linked VBN O
to IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
excitability NN O
of IN O
the DT O
human JJ O
jaw NN O
- HYPH O
stretch NN O
reflex NN O
and CC O
whether IN O
this DT O
process NN O
would MD O
be VB O
sensitive JJ O
to IN O
length NN O
and CC O
velocity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
stretch NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Capsaicin NN O
( : O
10 CD O
micro NN O
g NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
masseter NN O
muscle NN O
to TO O
induce VB O
pain NN B-Disease
in IN O
11 CD O
healthy JJ O
volunteers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Short JJ O
- HYPH O
latency NN O
reflex NN O
responses NNS O
were VBD O
evoked VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
masseter NN O
and CC O
temporalis NN O
muscles NNS O
by IN O
a DT O
stretch JJ O
device NN O
with IN O
different JJ O
velocities NNS O
and CC O
displacements NNS O
before RB O
, , O
during IN O
, , O
and CC O
after IN O
the DT O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
normalized JJ O
reflex NN O
amplitude NN O
increased VBD O
with IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
velocity NN O
at IN O
a DT O
given VBN O
displacement NN O
, , O
but CC O
remained VBD O
constant JJ O
with IN O
different JJ O
displacements NNS O
at IN O
a DT O
given VBN O
velocity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
normalized JJ O
reflex NN O
amplitude NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
during IN O
pain NN B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
only RB O
at IN O
faster JJR O
stretches NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
painful JJ B-Disease
muscle NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased VBN O
sensitivity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
fusimotor NN O
system NN O
during IN O
acute JJ O
muscle NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
could MD O
be VB O
one CD O
likely JJ O
mechanism NN O
to TO O
explain VB O
the DT O
findings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT1B NN O
receptor NN O
ligands NNS O
microinjected VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
accumbal JJ O
shell NN O
or CC O
core NN O
on IN O
the DT O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN B-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT1B NN O
receptor NN O
ligands NNS O
microinjected VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
subregions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
nucleus NN O
accumbens NNS O
( , O
the DT O
shell NN O
and CC O
the DT O
core NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
the DT O
locomotor NN B-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
cocaine NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
implanted VBN O
bilaterally RB O
with IN O
cannulae NN O
into IN O
the DT O
accumbens NNS O
shell NN O
or CC O
core NN O
, , O
and CC O
then RB O
were VBD O
locally RB O
injected VBN O
with IN O
GR NNP O
55562 CD O
( : O
an DT O
antagonist NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT1B NN O
receptors NNS O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
CP NN O
93129 CD O
( : O
an DT O
agonist NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT1B NN O
receptors NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Given VBN O
alone RB O
to IN O
any DT O
accumbal JJ O
subregion NN O
, , O
GR NNP O
55562 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
side NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
CP NN O
93129 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
side NN O
) -RRB- O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
basal JJ O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systemic JJ O
cocaine NN O
( , O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
GR NNP O
55562 CD O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
side NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
administered VBN O
intra NN O
- HYPH O
accumbens NNS O
shell NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
cocaine NN O
, , O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependently RB O
attenuated VBN O
the DT O
psychostimulant NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN B-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
attenuation NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
found VBN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
which WDT O
had VBD O
been VBN O
injected VBN O
with IN O
GR NNP O
55562 CD O
into IN O
the DT O
accumbens NN O
core NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
injected VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
accumbens NN O
shell NN O
( , O
but CC O
not RB O
the DT O
core NN O
) , O
before IN O
cocaine NN O
, , O
CP NNP O
93129 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
side NN O
) -RRB- O
enhanced VBD O
the DT O
locomotor NN O
response NN O
to IN O
cocaine NN O
; : O
the DT O
maximum JJ O
effect NN O
being VBG O
observed VBN O
after IN O
10 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
side NN O
of IN O
the DT O
agonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
later JJ O
enhancement NN O
was VBD O
attenuated VBN O
after IN O
intra JJ O
- HYPH O
accumbens NN O
shell NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
GR NNP O
55562 CD O
( SYM O
1 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
side NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
findings NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
cocaine NN O
induced VBN O
hyperlocomotion NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
modified VBN O
by IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT1B NN O
receptor NN O
ligands NNS O
microinjected VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
accumbens NN O
shell NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
core NN O
, , O
this DT O
modification NN O
consisting VBG O
in IN O
inhibitory JJ O
and CC O
facilitatory JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT1B NN O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
( , O
GR NNP O
55562 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
agonist NN O
( , O
CP NNP O
93129 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
other JJ O
words NNS O
, , O
the DT O
present JJ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
accumbal JJ O
shell NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT1B NN O
receptors NNS O
play VBP O
a DT O
permissive JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
behavioural JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
the DT O
psychostimulant NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
related VBN O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
: : O
are VBP O
we PRP O
seeing VBG O
the DT O
tip NN O
of IN O
an DT O
iceberg NN O
? . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
recreational JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
is VBZ O
on IN O
the DT O
increase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
emergency NN O
nurse NN O
ought MD O
to TO O
be VB O
familiar JJ O
with IN O
some DT O
of IN O
the DT O
cardiovascular JJ O
consequences NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
particular JJ O
, , O
the DT O
tendency NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
to TO O
produce VB O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
ought MD O
to TO O
be VB O
in IN O
the DT O
mind NN O
of IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
nurse NN O
when WRB O
faced VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
young JJ O
victim NN O
of IN O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
who WP O
is VBZ O
otherwise RB O
at IN O
low JJ O
risk NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
is VBZ O
discussed VBN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
dilemmas NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
moral JJ O
issues NNS O
relating VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
testing NN O
of IN O
potential JJ O
cocaine NN O
users NNS O
will MD O
be VB O
addressed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Crossover NN O
comparison NN O
of IN O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
preference NN O
for IN O
rizatriptan NN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
versus IN O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
in IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rizatriptan NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
selective JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
( , O
1B NN O
/ SYM O
1D NN O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
with IN O
rapid JJ O
oral JJ O
absorption NN O
and CC O
early JJ O
onset NN O
of IN O
action NN O
in IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
randomized JJ O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
crossover NN O
outpatient NN O
study NN O
assessed VBD O
the DT O
preference NN O
for IN O
1 CD O
rizatriptan NN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
tablet NN O
to IN O
2 CD O
ergotamine NN O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
100 CD O
mg NN O
tablets NNS O
in IN O
439 CD O
patients NNS O
treating VBG O
a DT O
single JJ O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
with IN O
each DT O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
patients NNS O
expressing VBG O
a DT O
preference NN O
( : O
89 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
more JJR O
than IN O
twice PDT O
as RB O
many JJ O
preferred VBN O
rizatriptan NN O
to IN O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
( : O
69 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
30 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
, , O
p NN O
< : O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Faster JJR O
relief NN O
of IN O
headache NN B-Disease
was VBD O
the DT O
most RBS O
important JJ O
reason NN O
for IN O
preference NN O
, , O
cited VBN O
by IN O
67 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
preferring VBG O
rizatriptan NN O
and CC O
54 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
preferred VBD O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
co JJ O
- HYPH O
primary JJ O
endpoint NN O
of IN O
being VBG O
pain NN B-Disease
free JJ O
at IN O
2 CD O
h NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
in IN O
favor NN O
of IN O
rizatriptan NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
nine CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
pain NN B-Disease
free JJ O
2 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
rizatriptan NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
24 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
( : O
p NN O
< : O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
rizatriptan NN O
being VBG O
superior JJ O
within IN O
1 CD O
h NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Headache NN B-Disease
relief NN O
at IN O
2 CD O
h NN O
was VBD O
75 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
rizatriptan NN O
and CC O
47 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
rizatriptan NN O
being VBG O
superior JJ O
to IN O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
within IN O
30 CD O
min NN O
of IN O
dosing NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Almost RB O
36 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
taking VBG O
rizatriptan NN O
were VBD O
pain NN B-Disease
free JJ O
at IN O
2 CD O
h NN O
and CC O
had VBD O
no DT O
recurrence NN O
or CC O
need NN O
for IN O
additional JJ O
medication NN O
within IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
to IN O
20 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
on IN O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
( : O
p NN O
< SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rizatriptan NNP O
was VBD O
also RB O
superior JJ O
to IN O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
proportions NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
no DT O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
vomiting NN B-Disease
, , O
phonophobia NN B-Disease
or CC O
photophobia NN B-Disease
and CC O
for IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
normal JJ O
function NN O
2 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
drug NN O
intake NN O
( : O
p NN O
< , O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
More JJR O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
( : O
completely RB O
, , O
very RB O
or CC O
somewhat RB O
) RB O
satisfied JJ O
2 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
rizatriptan NN O
( : O
69 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
at IN O
2 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
( SYM O
38 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
, , O
p NN O
< : O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurrence NN O
rates NNS O
were VBD O
31 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
with IN O
rizatriptan NN O
and CC O
15 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
with IN O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
active JJ O
treatments NNS O
were VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
( -LRB- O
incidence NN O
> : O
or CC O
= SYM O
5 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
one CD O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
rizatriptan NN O
and CC O
ergotamine NN O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
were VBD O
dizziness NN B-Disease
( : O
6 CD O
. SYM O
7 CD O
and CC O
5 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
( , O
4 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
and CC O
8 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
somnolence NN B-Disease
( : O
5 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
ocular JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
orbital JJ I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
after IN O
intracarotid JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
carboplatin NN O
for IN O
recurrent JJ O
glioblastomas NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Glioblastoma NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
malignant JJ B-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
that WDT O
occurs VBZ O
in IN O
the DT O
cerebrum NN O
during IN O
adulthood NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
current JJ O
treatment NN O
regimens NNS O
including VBG O
combined VBN O
surgery NN O
, , O
radiation NN O
and CC O
chemotherapy NN O
, , O
the DT O
average JJ O
life NN O
expectancy NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
is VBZ O
limited VBN O
to IN O
approximately RB O
1 CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
patients NNS O
with IN O
glioblastoma NN B-Disease
sometimes RB O
have VBP O
intracarotid JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
carcinostatics NNS O
added VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
regimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Generally RB O
, , O
carboplatin NN O
is VBZ O
said VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
milder JJR O
side NN O
effects NNS O
than IN O
cisplatin NN O
, , O
whose WP$ O
ocular JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
orbital JJ I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
are VBP O
well RB O
known JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
we PRP O
experienced VBD O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
ocular JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
orbital JJ I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
after IN O
intracarotid JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
carboplatin NN O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
infrequently RB O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
: : O
A DT O
58 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
received VBD O
an DT O
intracarotid JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
carboplatin NN O
for IN O
recurrent JJ O
glioblastomas NNS B-Disease
in IN O
his PRP$ O
left JJ O
temporal JJ O
lobe NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
complained VBD O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
visual JJ I-Disease
disturbance NN I-Disease
in IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
ipsilateral JJ I-Disease
eye NN I-Disease
30 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Various JJ O
ocular JJ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
findings NNS O
caused VBN O
by IN O
carboplatin NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
were VBD O
seen VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
He PRP O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
and CC O
glycerin NN O
for IN O
6 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
intraocular JJ O
pressure NN O
elevation NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
secondary JJ O
acute JJ O
angle NN O
- HYPH O
closure NN O
glaucoma NN B-Disease
decreased VBD O
and CC O
ocular JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
diminished VBD O
, , O
inexorable JJ O
papilledema NN B-Disease
and CC O
exudative JJ O
retinal JJ B-Disease
detachment NN I-Disease
continued VBD O
for IN O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
later RB O
, , O
diffuse JJ O
chorioretinal JJ B-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
with IN O
optic JJ B-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
and CC O
the DT O
vision NN O
in IN O
his PRP$ O
left JJ O
eye NN O
was VBD O
lost VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
When WRB O
performing VBG O
intracarotid JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
carboplatin NN O
, , O
we PRP O
must MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
potentially RB O
blinding VBG O
ocular JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
recommended VBN O
that IN O
further JJ O
studies NNS O
and CC O
investigations NNS O
are VBP O
undertaken VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
effort NN O
to TO O
minimize VB O
such JJ O
severe JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Visual JJ B-Disease
hallucinations NNS I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
zonisamide NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Zonisamide NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
broad JJ O
- HYPH O
spectrum NN O
antiepileptic JJ O
drug NN O
used VBN O
to TO O
treat VB O
various JJ O
types NNS O
of IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
visual JJ B-Disease
hallucinations NNS I-Disease
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
as IN O
an DT O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
this DT O
agent NN O
, , O
we PRP O
describe VBP O
three CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
experienced VBD O
complex JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
hallucinations NNS I-Disease
and CC O
altered VBN O
mental JJ O
status NN O
after IN O
zonisamide NN O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
begun VBN O
or CC O
its PRP$ O
dosage NN O
increased VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
three CD O
had VBD O
been VBN O
diagnosed VBN O
earlier RBR O
with IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
electroencephalogram NN O
( -LRB- O
EEG NNP O
) -RRB- O
findings NNS O
were VBD O
abnormal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
monitoring NN O
, , O
visual JJ B-Disease
hallucinations NNS I-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
correlate VB O
with IN O
EEG NNP O
readings NNS O
, , O
nor CC O
did VBD O
video NN O
recording NN O
capture VB O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
described VBN O
events NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
experienced VBN O
visual JJ B-Disease
hallucinations NNS I-Disease
before IN O
this DT O
event NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
only JJ O
recent JJ O
change NN O
in IN O
their PRP$ O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
the DT O
introduction NN O
or CC O
increased VBN O
dosage NN O
of IN O
zonisamide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
either CC O
discontinuation NN O
or CC O
decreased VBN O
dosage NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
the DT O
symptoms NNS O
disappeared VBD O
and CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
recur VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further RB O
observations NNS O
and CC O
reports NNS O
will MD O
help VB O
clarify VB O
this DT O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Until IN O
then RB O
, , O
clinicians NNS O
need VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
possible JJ O
complication NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
zonisamide NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anti JJ O
- HYPH O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
drugs NNS O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
de FW O
novo FW O
absence NN B-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
authors NNS O
present VBP O
three CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
de FW O
novo FW O
absence NN B-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
carbamazepine NN O
and CC O
vigabatrin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
the DT O
underlying VBG O
diseases NNS O
, , O
the DT O
prognosis NN O
for IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
de FW O
novo FW O
absence NN B-Disease
seizure NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
good JJ O
because IN O
it PRP O
subsides VBZ O
rapidly RB O
after IN O
discontinuing VBG O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
the DT O
offending VBG O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
aminobutyric JJ O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
transmitted VBN O
thalamocortical JJ O
circuitry NN O
accounts VBZ O
for IN O
a DT O
major JJ O
part NN O
of IN O
the DT O
underlying VBG O
neurophysiology NN O
of IN O
the DT O
absence NN B-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
de FW O
novo FW O
absence NN B-Disease
seizure NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
rare JJ O
, , O
pro JJ O
- HYPH O
absence NN O
drugs NNS O
can MD O
only RB O
be VB O
considered VBN O
a DT O
promoting VBG O
factor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
underlying VBG O
epileptogenecity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
or CC O
the DT O
synergistic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
accompanying VBG O
drugs NNS O
is VBZ O
required VBN O
to TO O
trigger VB O
the DT O
de FW O
novo FW O
absence NN B-Disease
seizure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
aggravation NN O
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
whenever WRB O
an DT O
unexpected JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
frequency NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
new JJ O
seizure NN B-Disease
types NNS O
appear VBP O
following VBG O
a DT O
change NN O
in IN O
drug NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
understanding VBG O
the DT O
underlying VBG O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
absence NN B-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
can MD O
avoid VB O
the DT O
inappropriate JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
anticonvulsants NNS O
in IN O
children NNS O
with IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
and CC O
prevent VB O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
absence NN B-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prenatal JJ O
dexamethasone NN O
programs NNS O
hypertension NN B-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexamethasone NNP O
is VBZ O
frequently RB O
administered VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
developing VBG O
fetus NN O
to TO O
accelerate VB O
pulmonary JJ O
development NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
if IN O
prenatal JJ O
dexamethasone NN O
programmed VBD O
a DT O
progressive JJ O
increase NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pregnant JJ O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
either CC O
vehicle NN O
or CC O
2 CD O
daily JJ O
intraperitoneal JJ O
injections NNS O
of IN O
dexamethasone NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
body NN O
weight NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
gestational JJ O
days NNS O
11 CD O
and CC O
12 CD O
, , O
13 CD O
and CC O
14 CD O
, , O
15 CD O
and CC O
16 CD O
, , O
17 CD O
and CC O
18 CD O
, , O
or CC O
19 CD O
and CC O
20 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Offspring NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
administered VBN O
dexamethasone NN O
on IN O
days NNS O
15 CD O
and CC O
16 CD O
gestation NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
20 CD O
% NN O
reduction NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
glomerular JJ I-Disease
number NN I-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
control NN O
at IN O
6 CD O
to TO O
9 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
( : O
22 CD O
527 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
509 CD O
versus IN O
28 CD O
050 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
561 CD O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
comparable JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
percent NN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
glomeruli NN O
measured VBN O
at IN O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
- HYPH O
to IN O
9 CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
old JJ O
rats NNS O
receiving VBG O
prenatal JJ O
dexamethasone NN O
on IN O
days NNS O
17 CD O
and CC O
18 CD O
of IN O
gestation NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
17 CD O
% NN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
glomeruli NN O
( SYM O
23 CD O
380 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
587 CD O
) , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
control NN O
rats NNS O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male JJ O
rats NNS O
that WDT O
received VBD O
prenatal JJ O
dexamethasone NN O
on IN O
days NNS O
15 CD O
and CC O
16 CD O
, , O
17 CD O
and CC O
18 CD O
, , O
and CC O
13 CD O
and CC O
14 CD O
of IN O
gestation NN O
had VBD O
elevated VBN B-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressures NNS I-Disease
at IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
; : O
the DT O
latter JJ O
group NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
have VB O
a DT O
reduction NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
glomerular JJ I-Disease
number NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adult NN O
rats NNS O
given VBN O
dexamethasone NN O
on IN O
days NNS O
15 CD O
and CC O
16 CD O
of IN O
gestation NN O
had VBD O
more JJR O
glomeruli NN O
with IN O
glomerulosclerosis NN B-Disease
than IN O
control NN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
shows VBZ O
that IN O
prenatal JJ O
dexamethasone NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
results VBZ O
in IN O
a DT O
reduction NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
glomerular JJ I-Disease
number NN I-Disease
, , O
glomerulosclerosis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
hypertension NN B-Disease
when WRB O
administered VBN O
at IN O
specific JJ O
points NNS O
during IN O
gestation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypertension NN B-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
that WDT O
had VBD O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
glomeruli NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
in IN O
a DT O
group NN O
that WDT O
did VBD O
not RB O
have VB O
a DT O
reduction NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
glomerular JJ I-Disease
number NN I-Disease
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
a DT O
reduction NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
glomerular JJ I-Disease
number NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
the DT O
sole JJ O
cause NN O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Kidney NN O
function NN O
and CC O
morphology NN O
after IN O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
cyclosporine NN O
A NN O
, , O
tacrolimus NN O
and CC O
sirolimus NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Sirolimus NNP O
( : O
SRL NNP O
) -RRB- O
may MD O
supplement VB O
calcineurin NN O
inhibitors NNS O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
organ NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
are VBP O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
SRL NNP O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
act VB O
differently RB O
displaying VBG O
only RB O
minor JJ O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
, , O
although IN O
this DT O
question NN O
is VBZ O
still RB O
open JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
number NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
protocols NNS O
where WRB O
SRL NNP O
was VBD O
combined VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
calcineurin NN O
inhibitor NN O
indications NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
synergistic JJ O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
were VBD O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
examine VB O
further RB O
the DT O
renal JJ O
function NN O
, , O
including VBG O
morphological JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
kidneys NNS O
of IN O
male JJ O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
either CC O
cyclosporine NN O
A NN O
( , O
CsA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
tacrolimus NN O
( , O
FK506 NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
SRL NN O
as IN O
monotherapies NNS O
or CC O
in IN O
different JJ O
combinations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
For IN O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
CsA NNP O
15 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
( : O
given VBN O
orally RB O
) -RRB- O
, , O
FK506 CD O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
( : O
given VBN O
orally RB O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
SRL NN O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
( HYPH O
given VBN O
intraperitoneally RB O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
once RB O
a DT O
day NN O
as IN O
these DT O
doses NNS O
have VBP O
earlier RBR O
been VBN O
found VBN O
to TO O
achieve VB O
a DT O
significant JJ O
immunosuppressive JJ O
effect NN O
in IN O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
' `` O
conscious JJ O
catheterized JJ O
rat NN O
' '' O
model NN O
, , O
the DT O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
( , O
GFR NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
as IN O
the DT O
clearance NN O
of IN O
Cr NN O
( -LRB- O
EDTA NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
morphological JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
kidneys NNS O
included VBD O
a DT O
semi JJ O
- HYPH O
quantitative JJ O
scoring NN O
system NN O
analysing VBG O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
striped VBN O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
, , O
subcapsular NN O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
basophilic JJ O
tubules NNS O
, , O
plus CC O
an DT O
additional JJ O
stereological JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
grade NN O
of IN O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
cortex NN O
stained VBN O
with IN O
Sirius NNP O
Red NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
CsA NNP O
, , O
FK506 NNP O
and CC O
SRL NNP O
all DT O
significantly RB O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
GFR NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
further JJ O
deterioration NN O
was VBD O
seen VBN O
when WRB O
CsA NNP O
was VBD O
combined VBN O
with IN O
either CC O
FK506 NNP O
or CC O
SRL NNP O
, , O
whereas IN O
the DT O
GFR NNP O
remained VBD O
unchanged JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
group NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
FK506 NNP O
plus CC O
SRL NNP O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
with IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
single JJ O
substances NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
morphological JJ O
changes NNS O
presented VBD O
a DT O
similar JJ O
pattern NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
semi JJ O
- HYPH O
quantitative JJ O
scoring NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
worst JJS O
in IN O
the DT O
group NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
CsA NNP O
plus CC O
SRL NNP O
( , O
P NNP O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
controls NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
grade NN O
of IN O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
also RB O
showed VBD O
the DT O
highest JJS O
proportion NN O
in IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
group NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
controls NNS O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
FK506 NNP O
plus CC O
SRL NNP O
combination NN O
showed VBD O
only RB O
a DT O
marginally RB O
higher JJR O
degree NN O
of IN O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
controls NNS O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
rat NN O
study NN O
demonstrated VBD O
a DT O
synergistic JJ O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
CsA NNP O
plus CC O
SRL NNP O
, , O
whereas IN O
FK506 NNP O
plus CC O
SRL NNP O
was VBD O
better RBR O
tolerated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Evaluation NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
troponin NN O
I NNP O
and CC O
T NNP O
levels NNS O
as IN O
markers NNS O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
rats NNS O
, , O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
relationship NN O
with IN O
echocardiographic JJ O
and CC O
histological JJ O
findings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Cardiac JJ O
troponins NNS O
I PRP O
( , O
cTnI NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
T NNP O
( , O
cTnT NNP O
) -RRB- O
have VBP O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
highly RB O
sensitive JJ O
and CC O
specific JJ O
markers NNS O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
diagnostic JJ O
value NN O
of IN O
cTnI NN O
and CC O
cTnT NN O
for IN O
the DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
( -LRB- O
DOX NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
we PRP O
examined VBD O
the DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
serial JJ O
cTnI NN O
and CC O
cTnT NN O
with IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
monitored VBN O
by IN O
echocardiography NN O
and CC O
histological JJ O
examinations NNS O
in IN O
this DT O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
DOX NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
, , O
weekly RB O
for IN O
up IN O
to TO O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
for IN O
a DT O
total JJ O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
12 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
BW NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
rats NNS O
received VBD O
saline NN O
as IN O
a DT O
control NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
cTnI NNP O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
with IN O
Access NNP O
( -LRB- O
R NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
ng NNP O
/ SYM O
ml NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
research NN O
immunoassay NN O
( , O
pg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
compared VBN O
with IN O
cTnT NN O
, , O
CK NNP O
- HYPH O
MB NN O
mass NN O
and CC O
CK NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
using VBG O
transthoracic JJ O
echocardiography NN O
, , O
anterior JJ O
and CC O
posterior JJ O
wall NN O
thickness NN O
, , O
LV NN O
diameters NNS O
and CC O
LV NN O
fractional JJ O
shortening NN O
( , O
FS NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
rats NNS O
before IN O
DOX NNP O
or CC O
saline NN O
, , O
and CC O
at IN O
weeks NNS O
6 CD O
and CC O
9 CD O
after IN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
all DT O
surviving VBG O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histology NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
in IN O
DOX NNP O
- HYPH O
rats NNS O
at IN O
6 CD O
and CC O
9 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
DOX NNP O
dose NN O
and CC O
in IN O
all DT O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Eighteen CD O
of IN O
the DT O
DOX NNP O
rats NNS O
died VBD O
prematurely RB O
of IN O
general JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
during IN O
the DT O
9 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
End NN O
- HYPH O
diastolic JJ O
( , O
ED NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
end NN O
- HYPH O
systolic JJ O
( , O
ES NNP O
) , O
LV NN O
diameters NNS O
/ SYM O
BW NNP O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
, , O
whereas IN O
LV NNP O
FS NNP O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
after IN O
9 CD O
weeks NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
DOX NNP O
group NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
parameters NNS O
remained VBD O
unchanged JJ O
in IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histological JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
hearts NNS O
from IN O
all DT O
rats NNS O
given VBN O
DOX NNP O
revealed VBD O
significant JJ O
slight JJ O
degrees NNS O
of IN O
perivascular JJ O
and CC O
interstitial JJ O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
7 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
18 CD O
rats NNS O
, , O
degeneration NN O
and CC O
myocyte NN O
vacuolisation NN O
were VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Only RB O
five CD O
of IN O
the DT O
controls NNS O
exhibited VBD O
evidence NN O
of IN O
very RB O
slight JJ O
perivascular JJ O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
significant JJ O
rise NN O
in IN O
cTnT NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
DOX NNP O
rats NNS O
after IN O
cumulative JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
and CC O
12 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
in IN O
comparison NN O
with IN O
baseline NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
cTnT NN O
found VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
after IN O
12 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
greater JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
found VBN O
after IN O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
DOX NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Maximal NNP O
cTnI NNP O
( : O
pg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
cTnT NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
in IN O
DOX NN O
rats NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
controls NNS O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
006 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
007 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
cTnI NNP O
( : O
ng NNP O
/ SYM O
ml NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
CK NNP O
- HYPH O
MB NNP O
mass NN O
and CC O
CK NNP O
remained VBD O
unchanged JJ O
in IN O
DOX NNP O
rats NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
markers NNS O
remained VBD O
stable JJ O
in IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Analysis NN O
of IN O
data NNS O
revealed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
correlation NN O
between IN O
maximal JJ O
cTnT NN O
and CC O
ED NN O
and CC O
ES NNP O
LV NNP O
diameters NNS O
/ SYM O
BW NN O
( : O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
81 CD O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
65 CD O
; : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
significant JJ O
relationship NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
between IN O
maximal JJ O
cTnT NN O
and CC O
the DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ O
morphological JJ O
changes NNS O
, , O
and CC O
between IN O
LV NNP O
diameters NNS O
/ SYM O
BW NN O
and CC O
histological JJ O
findings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Among IN O
markers NNS O
of IN O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
after IN O
DOX NNP O
in IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
cTnT NN O
showed VBD O
the DT O
greatest JJS O
ability NN O
to TO O
detect VB O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
assessed VBN O
by IN O
echocardiographic JJ O
detection NN O
and CC O
histological JJ O
changes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
discrepancy NN O
between IN O
the DT O
amount NN O
of IN O
cTnI NNP O
and CC O
cTnT NN O
after IN O
DOX NNP O
, , O
probably RB O
due IN O
to IN O
heterogeneity NN O
in IN O
cross NN O
- HYPH O
reactivities NNS O
of IN O
mAbs NNS O
to IN O
various JJ O
cTnI NN O
and CC O
cTnT NN O
forms NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
likely JJ O
that IN O
cTnT NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
after IN O
DOX NNP O
indicates VBZ O
cell NN O
damage NN O
determined VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
magnitude NN O
of IN O
injury NN O
induced VBN O
and CC O
that IN O
cTnT NN O
should MD O
be VB O
a DT O
useful JJ O
marker NN O
for IN O
the DT O
prediction NN O
of IN O
experimentally RB O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
possibly RB O
for IN O
cardioprotective JJ O
experiments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Octreotide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypoxemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
in IN O
premature JJ O
neonates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
authors NNS O
report VBP O
2 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
premature JJ O
neonates NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
enterocutaneous JJ O
fistula NN B-Disease
complicating VBG O
necrotizing JJ B-Disease
enterocolitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pulmonary JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
a DT O
somatostatin NN O
analogue NN O
, , O
octreotide NN O
, , O
to TO O
enhance VB O
resolution NN O
of IN O
the DT O
fistula NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
authors NNS O
discuss VBP O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
this DT O
complication NN O
and CC O
recommend VBP O
caution NN O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
use NN O
in IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
premature JJ O
neonates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
in IN O
women NNS O
prescribed VBD O
cyproterone NN O
acetate NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
ethinyl NN O
estradiol NN O
: : O
a DT O
nested VBN O
cohort NN O
analysis NN O
and CC O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Cyproterone NN O
acetate NN O
combined VBN O
with IN O
ethinyl NN O
estradiol NN O
( , O
CPA NNP O
/ SYM O
EE NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
licensed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
UK NNP O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
women NNS O
with IN O
acne NN B-Disease
and CC O
hirsutism NN B-Disease
and CC O
is VBZ O
also RB O
a DT O
treatment NN O
option NN O
for IN O
polycystic JJ B-Disease
ovary NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
PCOS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
demonstrated VBN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
( , O
VTE NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
associated VBN O
with IN O
CPA NNP O
/ SYM O
EE NNP O
compared VBN O
with IN O
conventional JJ O
combined VBN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
( -LRB- O
COCs NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
believe VBP O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
those DT O
studies NNS O
may MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
affected VBN O
by IN O
residual JJ O
confounding NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Using VBG O
the DT O
General NNP O
Practice NNP O
Research NNP O
Database NNP O
we PRP O
conducted VBD O
a DT O
cohort NN O
analysis NN O
and CC O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
nested VBN O
within IN O
a DT O
population NN O
of IN O
women NNS O
aged VBN O
between IN O
15 CD O
and CC O
39 CD O
years NNS O
with IN O
acne NN B-Disease
, , O
hirsutism NN B-Disease
or CC O
PCOS NNS B-Disease
to TO O
estimate VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
CPA NNP O
/ SYM O
EE NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
age NN O
- HYPH O
adjusted VBN O
incidence NN O
rate NN O
ratio NN O
for IN O
CPA NN O
/ SYM O
EE NNP O
versus IN O
conventional JJ O
COCs NNS O
was VBD O
2 CD O
. . O
20 CD O
[ SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
( , O
CI NN O
) -RRB- O
1 CD O
. . O
35 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
58 CD O
] -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
as IN O
the DT O
reference NN O
group NN O
women NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
not RB O
using VBG O
oral JJ O
contraception NN O
, , O
had VBD O
no DT O
recent JJ O
pregnancy NN O
or CC O
menopausal JJ O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
the DT O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
analysis NN O
gave VBD O
an DT O
adjusted JJ O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
( , O
OR NNP O
( -LRB- O
adj NN O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
7 CD O
. . O
44 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
3 CD O
. . O
67 CD O
- SYM O
15 CD O
. . O
08 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
CPA NN O
/ SYM O
EE NNP O
use NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
OR NN O
( , O
adj NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
2 CD O
. . O
58 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
60 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
18 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
use NN O
of IN O
conventional JJ O
COCs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
have VBP O
demonstrated VBN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
CPA NN O
/ SYM O
EE NN O
in IN O
women NNS O
with IN O
acne NN B-Disease
, , O
hirsutism NN B-Disease
or CC O
PCOS NNP B-Disease
although IN O
residual JJ O
confounding NN O
by IN O
indication NN O
cannot MD O
be VB O
excluded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
gum NN O
Arabic NNP O
on IN O
gentamicin JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
: : O
a DT O
preliminary JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
work NN O
we PRP O
assessed VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
gum NN O
Arabic NNP O
on IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
gentamicin NN O
( , O
GM NNP O
) -RRB- O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
vehicle NN O
( : O
2 CD O
mL NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
of IN O
distilled VBN O
water NN O
and CC O
5 CD O
% NN O
w NN O
/ SYM O
v NN O
cellulose NN O
, , O
10 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
gum NN O
Arabic NNP O
( , O
2 CD O
mL NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
10 CD O
% NN O
w NN O
/ SYM O
v NN O
aqueous JJ O
suspension NN O
of IN O
gum NN O
Arabic JJ O
powder NN O
, , O
orally RB O
for IN O
10 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
gum NN O
Arabic NNP O
concomitantly RB O
with IN O
GM NNP O
( , O
80mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
intramuscularly RB O
, , O
during IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
six CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
period NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
measuring VBG O
the DT O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
creatinine NN O
and CC O
urea NN O
in IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
and CC O
reduced VBN O
glutathione NN O
( , O
GSH NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
cortex NN O
, , O
and CC O
by IN O
light JJ O
microscopic JJ O
examination NN O
of IN O
kidney NN O
sections NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
indicated VBD O
that IN O
concomitant JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
gum NN O
Arabic NNP O
and CC O
GM NNP O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
creatinine NN O
and CC O
urea NN O
by IN O
about RB O
183 CD O
and CC O
239 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
( , O
compared VBN O
to IN O
432 CD O
and CC O
346 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
cellulose NN O
and CC O
GM NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
decreased VBD O
that DT O
of IN O
cortical JJ O
GSH NN O
by IN O
21 CD O
% NN O
( , O
compared VBN O
to IN O
27 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
the DT O
cellulose NN O
plus CC O
GM NNP O
group NN O
) , O
The DT O
GM NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
proximal JJ O
tubular JJ B-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
appeared VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
slightly RB O
less RBR O
severe JJ O
in IN O
rats NNS O
given VBN O
GM NNP O
together RB O
with IN O
gum NN O
Arabic NNP O
than IN O
in IN O
those DT O
given VBN O
GM NNP O
and CC O
cellulose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
could MD O
be VB O
inferred VBN O
that IN O
gum NN O
Arabic JJ O
treatment NN O
has VBZ O
induced VBN O
a DT O
modest JJ O
amelioration NN O
of IN O
some DT O
of IN O
the DT O
histological JJ O
and CC O
biochemical JJ O
indices NNS O
of IN O
GM NNP O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
work NN O
is VBZ O
warranted VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
treatments NNS O
on IN O
renal JJ O
functional JJ O
aspects NNS O
in IN O
models NNS O
of IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
on IN O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
( , O
s LS O
) -RRB- O
involved VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased VBN O
frequency NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
with IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
docetaxel NN O
and CC O
thalidomide NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
metastatic JJ O
androgen NN O
- HYPH O
independent JJ O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
STUDY NN O
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
VTE NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
androgen NN O
- HYPH O
independent JJ O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
who WP O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
docetaxel NN O
alone RB O
or CC O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
thalidomide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
Retrospective JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
phase NN O
II NN O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING NN O
: : O
National NNP O
Institutes NNPS O
of IN O
Health NNP O
clinical JJ O
research NN O
center NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
: : O
Seventy CD O
men NNS O
, , O
aged JJ O
50 CD O
- SYM O
80 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
androgen NN O
- HYPH O
independent JJ O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTERVENTION NN O
: : O
Each DT O
patient NN O
received VBD O
either CC O
intravenous JJ O
docetaxel NN O
30 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
week NN O
for IN O
3 CD O
consecutive JJ O
weeks NNS O
, , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
1 CD O
week NN O
off RB O
, , O
or CC O
the DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
continuous JJ O
oral JJ O
thalidomide NN O
200 CD O
mg NN O
every DT O
evening NN O
plus CC O
the DT O
same JJ O
docetaxel NN O
regimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
cycle NN O
was VBD O
repeated VBN O
until IN O
there EX O
was VBD O
evidence NN O
of IN O
excessive JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
or CC O
disease NN O
progression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MEASUREMENTS NNS O
AND CC O
MAIN JJ O
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
null NN O
of IN O
23 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
docetaxel NN O
alone RB O
developed VBD O
VTE NNP B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
9 CD O
of IN O
47 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
19 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
who WP O
received VBD O
docetaxel NN O
plus CC O
thalidomide NN O
developed VBD O
VTE NNP B-Disease
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
025 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
thalidomide NN O
to IN O
docetaxel NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
significantly RB O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinicians NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
potential JJ O
complication NN O
when WRB O
adding VBG O
thalidomide NN O
to IN O
chemotherapeutic JJ O
regimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ticlopidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
2 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
ticlopidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
, , O
investigate VB O
its PRP$ O
mechanism NN O
, , O
and CC O
compare VB O
the DT O
observed VBN O
main JJ O
characteristics NNS O
with IN O
those DT O
of IN O
the DT O
published VBN O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
SUMMARIES NNS O
: : O
Two CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
prolonged VBN O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
after IN O
receiving VBG O
ticlopidine NN O
following VBG O
percutaneous JJ O
coronary JJ O
angioplasty NN O
, , O
with IN O
complete JJ O
remission NN O
during IN O
the DT O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
T NN O
- HYPH O
cell NN O
stimulation NN O
by IN O
therapeutic JJ O
concentration NN O
of IN O
ticlopidine NN O
was VBD O
demonstrated VBN O
in IN O
vitro NN O
in IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
Cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
complication NN O
of IN O
the DT O
antiplatelet JJ O
agent NN O
ticlopidine NN O
; : O
several JJ O
cases NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
but CC O
few JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
English NNP O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
jaundice NN B-Disease
following VBG O
treatment NN O
with IN O
ticlopidine NN O
and CC O
showed VBD O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
laboratory NN O
characteristics NNS O
of IN O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
resolved VBD O
after IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatitis NNP B-Disease
may MD O
develop VB O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
and CC O
may MD O
run VB O
a DT O
prolonged JJ O
course NN O
, , O
but CC O
complete JJ O
remission NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
reported VBN O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
objective JJ O
causality NN O
assessment NN O
revealed VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
event NN O
was VBD O
probably RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
ticlopidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
ticlopidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
are VBP O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immune JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
' POS O
s NN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
as IN O
suggested VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
T NNP O
- HYPH O
cell NN O
stimulation NN O
study NN O
reported VBN O
here RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
ticlopidine NN O
that WDT O
may MD O
be VB O
immune JJ O
mediated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
the DT O
drug NN O
should MD O
be VB O
monitored VBN O
with IN O
liver NN O
function NN O
tests NNS O
along IN O
with IN O
complete JJ O
blood NN O
cell NN O
counts NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
complication NN O
will MD O
be VB O
observed VBN O
even RB O
less RBR O
often RB O
in IN O
the DT O
future NN O
as IN O
ticlopidine NN O
is VBZ O
being VBG O
replaced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
newer JJR O
antiplatelet JJ O
agent NN O
clopidogrel NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epithelial JJ O
sodium NN O
channel NN O
( , O
ENaC NNP O
) -RRB- O
subunit NN O
mRNA NN O
and CC O
protein NN O
expression NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
experimental JJ O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
, , O
urinary JJ O
sodium NN O
excretion NN O
is VBZ O
decreased VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
phase NN O
of IN O
the DT O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
molecular JJ O
mechanism NN O
( , O
s VBZ O
) -RRB- O
leading VBG O
to IN O
salt NN O
retention NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
completely RB O
elucidated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rate NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
constituent NN O
of IN O
collecting VBG O
duct NN O
sodium NN O
transport NN O
is VBZ O
the DT O
epithelial JJ O
sodium NN O
channel NN O
( -LRB- O
ENaC NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
examined VBD O
the DT O
abundance NN O
of IN O
ENaC NNP O
subunit NN O
mRNAs NNS O
and CC O
proteins NNS O
in IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
( , O
PAN NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
time NN O
courses NNS O
of IN O
urinary JJ O
sodium NN O
excretion NN O
, , O
plasma NN O
aldosterone NN O
concentration NN O
and CC O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
male JJ O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
either CC O
PAN NNP O
or CC O
vehicle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
relative JJ O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
alphaENaC NN O
, , O
betaENaC NN O
and CC O
gammaENaC NN O
mRNAs NNS O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
in IN O
kidneys NNS O
from IN O
these DT O
rats NNS O
by IN O
real JJ O
- HYPH O
time NN O
quantitative JJ O
TaqMan NNP O
PCR NNP O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
proteins NNS O
by IN O
Western JJ O
blot NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
kinetics NNS O
of IN O
urinary JJ O
sodium NN O
excretion NN O
and CC O
the DT O
appearance NN O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
were VBD O
comparable JJ O
with IN O
those DT O
reported VBN O
previously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sodium NN O
retention NN O
occurred VBD O
on IN O
days NNS O
2 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
after IN O
PAN NNP O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
significant JJ O
up JJ O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
alphaENaC NN O
and CC O
betaENaC NN O
mRNA NN O
abundance NN O
on IN O
days NNS O
1 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
preceded VBD O
sodium NN O
retention NN O
on IN O
days NNS O
2 CD O
and CC O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conversely RB O
, , O
down RB O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
alphaENaC NN O
, , O
betaENaC NN O
and CC O
gammaENaC NNP O
mRNA NNP O
expression NN O
on IN O
day NN O
3 CD O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
aldosterone NN O
concentrations NNS O
, , O
and CC O
was VBD O
followed VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
return NN O
of IN O
sodium NN O
excretion NN O
to IN O
control NN O
values NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
alphaENaC NN O
, , O
betaENaC NN O
and CC O
gammaENaC NN O
proteins NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
increased VBN O
during IN O
PAN NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sodium NN O
retention NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
ENaC NNP O
mRNA NNP O
expression NN O
, , O
especially RB O
alphaENaC NNP O
, , O
is VBZ O
increased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
very RB O
early JJ O
phase NN O
of IN O
the DT O
experimental JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
PAN NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
but CC O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
escape VB O
from IN O
the DT O
regulation NN O
by IN O
aldosterone NN O
after IN O
day NN O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sub NN O
- HYPH O
chronic JJ O
low JJ O
dose NN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
vinyl NN O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
vigabatrin NN O
) -RRB- O
inhibits VBZ O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
nucleus NN O
accumbens VBZ O
dopamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RATIONALE NN O
: : O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
Vinyl NNP O
GABA NNP O
( : O
GVG NNP O
) -RRB- O
irreversibly RB O
inhibits VBZ O
GABA NNP O
- HYPH O
transaminase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
mediated VBN O
inhibition NN O
requires VBZ O
de FW O
novo FW O
synthesis NN O
for IN O
restoration NN O
of IN O
functional JJ O
GABA NNP O
catabolism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
Given VBN O
its PRP$ O
preclinical JJ O
success NN O
for IN O
treating VBG O
substance NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
visual JJ B-Disease
field NN I-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
( , O
VFD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
associated VBN O
with IN O
cumulative JJ O
lifetime NN O
exposure NN O
, , O
we PRP O
explored VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
chronic JJ O
low JJ O
dose NN O
GVG NN O
on IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
nucleus NN O
accumbens NNS O
( -LRB- O
NAcc NNP O
) -RRB- O
dopamine NN O
( -LRB- O
DA NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Using VBG O
in IN O
vivo NN O
microdialysis NN O
, , O
we PRP O
compared VBD O
acute JJ O
exposure NN O
( : O
450 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
an DT O
identical JJ O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
chronic JJ O
exposure NN O
( : O
150 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
for IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
or CC O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
washout NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
we PRP O
examined VBD O
the DT O
low JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
150 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
( , O
50 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
using VBG O
a DT O
similar JJ O
washout NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Sub NN O
- HYPH O
chronic JJ O
GVG NNP O
exposure NN O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
for IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
exceeded VBD O
in IN O
magnitude NN O
and CC O
duration NN O
the DT O
identical JJ O
acute JJ O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Sub NN O
- HYPH O
chronic JJ O
low JJ O
dose NN O
GVG NNP O
potentiates VBZ O
and CC O
extends VBZ O
the DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
dopamine NN O
, , O
effectively RB O
reducing VBG O
cumulative JJ O
exposures NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
risk NN O
for IN O
VFDS NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MR NNP O
imaging NN O
with IN O
quantitative JJ O
diffusion NN O
mapping NN O
of IN O
tacrolimus NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
organ NN O
transplant NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
objective NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
brain NN O
MR NN O
imaging NN O
findings NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
utility NN O
of IN O
diffusion NN O
- HYPH O
weighted VBN O
( -LRB- O
DW NNP O
) -RRB- O
imaging NN O
in IN O
organ NN O
transplant NN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
neurologic JJ O
symptoms NNS O
during IN O
tacrolimus NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Brain NN O
MR NNP O
studies NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
DW NNP O
imaging NN O
, , O
were VBD O
prospectively RB O
performed VBN O
in IN O
14 CD O
organ JJ O
transplant NN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
tacrolimus NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
neurologic JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
each DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
had VBD O
abnormalities NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
MR NNP O
study NN O
, , O
a DT O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
MR NN O
study NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
1 CD O
month NN O
later RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Apparent JJ O
diffusion NN O
coefficient JJ O
( -LRB- O
ADC NNP O
) -RRB- O
values NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
MR NNP O
study NN O
were VBD O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
reversibility NN O
of IN O
the DT O
lesions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
14 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
5 CD O
( SYM O
35 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) , O
had VBD O
white JJ B-Disease
matter NN I-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
, , O
1 CD O
( SYM O
7 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
putaminal JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
8 CD O
( SYM O
57 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
normal JJ O
findings NNS O
on IN O
initial JJ O
MR NNP O
images NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
white JJ B-Disease
matter NN I-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
, , O
4 CD O
patients NNS O
( SYM O
80 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
normal JJ O
ADC NNP O
values NNS O
on IN O
initial JJ O
MR NNP O
images NNS O
, , O
and CC O
all DT O
showed VBD O
complete JJ O
resolution NN O
on IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
images NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
remaining VBG O
1 CD O
patient NN O
( SYM O
20 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
lower JJR O
than IN O
normal JJ O
ADC NNP O
value NN O
and CC O
showed VBD O
incomplete JJ O
resolution NN O
with IN O
cortical JJ B-Disease
laminar NN I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diffusion NN O
- HYPH O
weighted VBN O
imaging NN O
may MD O
be VB O
useful JJ O
in IN O
predicting VBG O
the DT O
outcomes NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
lesions NNS O
of IN O
tacrolimus NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
transport NN O
in IN O
humans NNS O
with IN O
cortisol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
deficient JJ O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine JJ O
- HYPH O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
system NN O
is VBZ O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
cortisol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigate VBP O
whether IN O
abnormalities NNS O
in IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
uptake NN O
contribute VBP O
to IN O
this DT O
deficiency NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
healthy JJ O
men NNS O
were VBD O
recruited VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hydrocortisone NN O
acetate NN O
( : O
50 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
given VBN O
orally RB O
every DT O
6 CD O
hours NNS O
for IN O
24 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
a DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
fixed VBN O
- HYPH O
salt NN O
diet NN O
( : O
150 CD O
mmol NN O
/ SYM O
d NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Crossover NN O
studies NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
apart RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
milliliters NNS O
of IN O
blood NN O
was VBD O
obtained VBN O
for IN O
isolation NN O
of IN O
peripheral JJ O
blood NN O
mononuclear JJ O
cells NNS O
after IN O
each DT O
treatment NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine JJ O
uptake NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
mononuclear JJ O
cells NNS O
incubated VBN O
with IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
( , O
1 CD O
to TO O
300 CD O
micromol NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
incorporating VBG O
100 CD O
nmol NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
[ -LRB- O
3H NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
l NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
for IN O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
minutes NNS O
at IN O
37 CD O
degrees NNS O
C NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forearm NN O
[ -LRB- O
3H CD O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
extraction NN O
was VBD O
calculated VBN O
after IN O
infusion NN O
of IN O
[ -LRB- O
3H CD O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
into IN O
the DT O
brachial JJ O
artery NN O
at IN O
a DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
100 CD O
nCi NNP O
/ SYM O
min NN O
for IN O
80 CD O
minutes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Deep JJ O
forearm NN O
venous NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
collected VBN O
for IN O
determination NN O
of IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
extraction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
cortisol NN O
concentrations NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
raised VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
active JJ O
phase NN O
( : O
323 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
43 CD O
to TO O
1082 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
245 CD O
mmol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
was VBD O
elevated VBN O
by IN O
an DT O
average NN O
of IN O
7 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neither CC O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine JJ O
transport NN O
into IN O
mononuclear JJ O
cells NNS O
( , O
placebo NN O
vs IN O
active JJ O
, , O
26 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
vs IN O
29 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
pmol NN O
/ SYM O
10 CD O
000 CD O
cells NNS O
per IN O
5 CD O
minutes NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
at IN O
an DT O
l JJ O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
300 CD O
micromol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
) -RRB- O
nor CC O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
extraction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
forearm NN O
( , O
at IN O
80 CD O
minutes NNS O
, , O
placebo NN O
vs IN O
active JJ O
, , O
1 CD O
868 CD O
904 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
434 CD O
962 CD O
vs IN O
2 CD O
013 CD O
910 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
770 CD O
619 CD O
disintegrations NNS O
per IN O
minute NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
affected VBN O
by IN O
cortisol JJ O
treatment NN O
; : O
ie IN O
, , O
that IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
uptake NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
cortisol NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
cortisol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increases NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
are VBP O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
abnormalities NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
l JJ O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
transport NN O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amount NN O
of IN O
bleeding NN B-Disease
and CC O
hematoma NN B-Disease
size NN O
in IN O
the DT O
collagenase NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
intracerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
rat NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aggravated JJ O
risk NN O
on IN O
intracerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
ICH NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
with IN O
drugs NNS O
used VBN O
for IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
estimated VBN O
carefully RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
therefore RB O
established VBD O
sensitive JJ O
quantification NN O
methods NNS O
and CC O
provided VBD O
a DT O
rat NN O
ICH NNP B-Disease
model NN O
for IN O
detection NN O
of IN O
ICH NNP B-Disease
deterioration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
ICH NNP B-Disease
intrastriatally RB O
induced VBN O
by IN O
0 CD O
. . O
014 CD O
- HYPH O
unit NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
070 CD O
- HYPH O
unit NN O
, , O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
350 CD O
- HYPH O
unit NN O
collagenase NN O
, , O
the DT O
amount NN O
of IN O
bleeding NN B-Disease
was VBD O
measured VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
hemoglobin NN O
assay NN O
developed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
morphologically RB O
determined VBN O
hematoma NN B-Disease
volume NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
blood NN O
amounts NNS O
and CC O
hematoma NN B-Disease
volumes NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
correlated VBN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
hematoma NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
0 CD O
. . O
014 CD O
- HYPH O
unit NN O
collagenase NN O
was VBD O
adequate JJ O
to TO O
detect VB O
ICH NN B-Disease
deterioration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
ICH NNP B-Disease
induction NN O
using VBG O
0 CD O
. . O
014 CD O
- HYPH O
unit NN O
collagenase NN O
, , O
heparin NN O
enhanced VBD O
the DT O
hematoma NN B-Disease
volume NN O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
over IN O
that DT O
seen VBN O
in IN O
control NN O
ICH NN B-Disease
animals NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
bleeding VBG B-Disease
7 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
this DT O
sensitive JJ O
hemoglobin NN O
assay NN O
is VBZ O
useful JJ O
for IN O
ICH NNP B-Disease
detection NN O
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
a DT O
model NN O
with IN O
a DT O
small JJ O
ICH NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
collagenase NN O
should MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
for IN O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
may MD O
affect VB O
ICH NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Estradiol NNP O
reduces VBZ O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hippocampal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
ovariectomized JJ O
female NN O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Estrogens NNS O
protect VBP O
ovariectomized JJ O
rats NNS O
from IN O
hippocampal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
kainic JJ O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
SE NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
compared VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
17beta NN O
- HYPH O
estradiol NN O
in IN O
adult NN O
male JJ O
and CC O
ovariectomized JJ O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
SE NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
received VBD O
subcutaneous JJ O
injections NNS O
of IN O
17beta NN O
- HYPH O
estradiol NN O
( : O
2 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
rat NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
oil NN O
once RB O
daily RB O
for IN O
four CD O
consecutive JJ O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SE NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
20 CD O
h NN O
following VBG O
the DT O
second JJ O
injection NN O
and CC O
terminated VBN O
3 CD O
h NNS O
later RBR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
silver NN O
- HYPH O
stained VBN O
CA3 NN O
and CC O
CA1 NN O
hippocampal NN O
neurons NNS O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
2 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
SE NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
17beta NNP O
- HYPH O
Estradiol NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
alter VB O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
first JJ O
clonus NN O
in IN O
ovariectomized JJ O
rats NNS O
but CC O
accelerated VBD O
it PRP O
in IN O
males NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
17beta NNP O
- HYPH O
Estradiol NNP O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
argyrophilic JJ O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
CA1 NNP O
and CC O
CA3 NN O
- HYPH O
C NN O
sectors NNS O
of IN O
ovariectomized JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
males NNS O
, , O
estradiol NN O
increased VBD O
the DT O
total JJ O
damage NN O
score NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
estradiol NN O
on IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
threshold NN O
and CC O
damage NN O
may MD O
be VB O
altered VBN O
by IN O
sex NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
differences NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
hormonal JJ O
environment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pseudoacromegaly NNP B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
of IN O
minoxidil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acromegaly NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
an DT O
endocrine JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
chronic JJ O
excessive JJ O
growth NN O
hormone NN O
secretion NN O
from IN O
the DT O
anterior JJ O
pituitary JJ O
gland NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Significant JJ O
disfiguring JJ O
changes NNS O
occur VBP O
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
bone NN O
, , O
cartilage NN O
, , O
and CC O
soft JJ O
tissue NN O
hypertrophy NN B-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
the DT O
thickening NN O
of IN O
the DT O
skin NN O
, , O
coarsening NN O
of IN O
facial JJ O
features NNS O
, , O
and CC O
cutis NN B-Disease
verticis NN I-Disease
gyrata NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pseudoacromegaly NNP B-Disease
, , O
on IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
similar JJ O
acromegaloid JJ O
features NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
elevated VBN O
growth NN O
hormone NN O
or CC O
insulin NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
pseudoacromegaly NN B-Disease
that WDT O
resulted VBD O
from IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
of IN O
minoxidil NN O
at IN O
an DT O
unusually RB O
high JJ O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
report NN O
of IN O
pseudoacromegaly NN B-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
minoxidil JJ O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Combined VBN O
androgen NN O
blockade NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
without IN O
bone NN O
involvement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
To TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
onset NN O
and CC O
extent NN O
of IN O
combined VBN O
androgen NN O
blockade NN O
( -LRB- O
CAB NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
without IN O
bone NN O
involvement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
two CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
biopsy NN O
- HYPH O
proven VBN O
prostatic JJ B-Disease
adenocarcinoma NN I-Disease
[ -LRB- O
26 CD O
with IN O
stage NN O
C NNP O
( -LRB- O
T3N0M0 NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
16 CD O
with IN O
stage NN O
D1 NNP O
( -LRB- O
T3N1M0 CD O
) -RRB- O
] -RRB- O
were VBD O
included VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
CAB NNP O
[ -LRB- O
leuprolide NN O
acetate NN O
( -LRB- O
LHRH NNP O
- HYPH O
A NN O
) SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
intramuscularly RB O
, , O
every DT O
28 CD O
days NNS O
plus CC O
250 CD O
mg NN O
flutamide NN O
, , O
tid NN O
, , O
per IN O
Os NN O
] -RRB- O
and CC O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
for IN O
anemia NN B-Disease
by IN O
physical JJ O
examination NN O
and CC O
laboratory NN O
tests NNS O
at IN O
baseline NN O
and CC O
4 CD O
subsequent JJ O
intervals NNS O
( , O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
months NNS O
post NN O
- HYPH O
CAB NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hb NNP O
, , O
PSA NNP O
and CC O
Testosterone NNP O
measurements NNS O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
with IN O
stage NN O
D2 NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
disease NN O
, , O
abnormal JJ O
hemoglobin NN O
level NN O
or CC O
renal JJ O
and CC O
liver NN O
function NN O
tests NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
the DT O
upper JJ O
limits NNS O
were VBD O
excluded VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
six CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
mean JJ O
hemoglobin NN O
( , O
Hb NNP O
) -RRB- O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
declined VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
from IN O
baseline NN O
of IN O
14 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
to IN O
14 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
, , O
13 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
, , O
13 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
g NNS O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
and CC O
12 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
at IN O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
months NNS O
post NN O
- HYPH O
CAB NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
and CC O
clinically RB O
evident JJ O
anemia NN B-Disease
of IN O
Hb NNP O
< SYM O
11 CD O
g NNS O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
symptoms NNS O
was VBD O
detected VBN O
in IN O
6 CD O
patients NNS O
( SYM O
14 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
CAB NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
normochromic JJ O
and CC O
normocytic JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
six CD O
months NNS O
post NN O
- HYPH O
CAB NN O
, , O
patients NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
anemia NN B-Disease
had VBD O
a DT O
Hb NNP O
mean JJ O
value NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
( HYPH O
X NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SE NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
whereas IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
mild JJ O
anemia NN B-Disease
with IN O
Hb NNP O
mean JJ O
value NN O
of IN O
13 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
17 CD O
( HYPH O
X NN O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SE NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
development NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
anemia NN B-Disease
at IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
post NN O
- HYPH O
CAB NN O
was VBD O
predictable JJ O
by IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
Hb NNP O
baseline NN O
value NN O
of IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
after IN O
3 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
CAB NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
development NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
CAB NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
correlate VB O
with IN O
T NN O
baseline NN O
values NNS O
( -LRB- O
T NN O
< SYM O
3 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
versus IN O
T NNP O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
3 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
age NN O
( : O
< : O
76 CD O
yrs NNS O
versus IN O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
76 CD O
yrs NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
stage NN O
( , O
stage NN O
C NN O
versus IN O
stage NN O
D1 NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
and CC O
clinically RB O
evident JJ O
anemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
easily RB O
corrected VBN O
by IN O
subcutaneous JJ O
injections NNS O
( : O
3 CD O
times NNS O
/ SYM O
week NN O
for IN O
1 CD O
month NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
recombinant JJ O
erythropoietin NN O
( , O
rHuEPO NN O
- HYPH O
beta NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Our PRP$ O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
rHuEPO NNP O
- HYPH O
beta JJ O
correctable JJ O
CAB NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
occurs VBZ O
in IN O
14 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
after IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delirium NN B-Disease
during IN O
clozapine NN O
treatment NN O
: : O
incidence NN O
and CC O
associated VBN O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Incidence NN O
and CC O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
for IN O
delirium NN B-Disease
during IN O
clozapine NN O
treatment NN O
require VBP O
further JJ O
clarification NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
used VBD O
computerized VBN O
pharmacy NN O
records NNS O
to TO O
identify VB O
all DT O
adult NN O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
inpatients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
clozapine NN O
( , O
1995 CD O
- SYM O
96 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
reviewed VBN O
their PRP$ O
medical JJ O
records NNS O
to TO O
score VB O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
delirium NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
tested VBD O
associations NNS O
with IN O
potential JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Subjects NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
139 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
72 CD O
women NNS O
and CC O
67 CD O
men NNS O
, , O
aged VBN O
40 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
12 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
hospitalized VBN O
for IN O
24 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
23 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
and CC O
given VBN O
clozapine NN O
, , O
gradually RB O
increased VBN O
to IN O
an DT O
average JJ O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
282 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
203 CD O
mg CD O
( SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
45 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
45 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
18 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
16 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delirium NN B-Disease
was VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
in IN O
14 CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
incidence NN O
, , O
or CC O
1 CD O
. . O
48 CD O
cases NNS O
/ SYM O
person NN O
- HYPH O
years NNS O
of IN O
exposure NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
71 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
cases NNS O
were VBD O
moderate JJ O
or CC O
severe JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Associated JJ O
factors NNS O
were VBD O
co JJ O
- HYPH O
treatment NN O
with IN O
other JJ O
centrally RB O
antimuscarinic JJ O
agents NNS O
, , O
poor JJ O
clinical JJ O
outcome NN O
, , O
older JJR O
age NN O
, , O
and CC O
longer JJR O
hospitalization NN O
( : O
by IN O
17 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
increasing VBG O
cost NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
sex NN O
, , O
diagnosis NN O
or CC O
medical JJ O
co NN O
- HYPH O
morbidity NN O
, , O
and CC O
daily JJ O
clozapine NN O
dose NN O
, , O
which WDT O
fell VBD O
with IN O
age NN O
, , O
were VBD O
unrelated JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Delirium NN B-Disease
was VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
10 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
clozapine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
inpatients NNS O
, , O
particularly RB O
in IN O
older JJR O
patients NNS O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
other JJ O
central JJ O
anticholinergics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delirium NN B-Disease
was VBD O
inconsistently RB O
recognized VBN O
clinically RB O
in IN O
milder JJR O
cases NNS O
and CC O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
increased VBN O
length NN O
- HYPH O
of IN O
- HYPH O
stay NN O
and CC O
higher JJR O
costs NNS O
, , O
and CC O
inferior JJ O
clinical JJ O
outcome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroprotective JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
MPEP NNP O
, , O
a DT O
selective JJ O
mGluR5 NNP O
antagonist NN O
, , O
in IN O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
dopamine NN O
outflow NN O
and CC O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
metabotropic JJ O
glutamate NN O
receptor NN O
5 CD O
( SYM O
mGluR5 NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
toxic JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
methamphetamine NN O
on IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurones NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methamphetamine NN O
( : O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
sc NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
administered VBN O
five CD O
times NNS O
, , O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
levels NNS O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
metabolites NNS O
in IN O
striatal JJ O
tissue NN O
when WRB O
measured VBN O
72 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
selective JJ O
antagonist NN O
of IN O
mGluR5 NNP O
, , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
( : O
phenylethynyl NN O
) -RRB- O
pyridine NN O
( , O
MPEP NN O
; : O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
when WRB O
administered VBN O
five CD O
times NNS O
immediately RB O
before IN O
each DT O
methamphetamine NN O
injection NN O
reversed VBD O
the DT O
above RB O
- HYPH O
mentioned VBN O
methamphetamine NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
single JJ O
MPEP NNP O
( , O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
ip NN O
) , O
injection NN O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
basal JJ O
extracellular JJ O
dopamine NN O
level NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
dopamine NN O
release NN O
stimulated VBN O
either CC O
by IN O
methamphetamine NN O
( , O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
sc FW O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
by IN O
intrastriatally RB O
administered VBN O
veratridine NN O
( : O
100 CD O
microM NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
it PRP O
transiently RB O
diminished VBD O
the DT O
methamphetamine NN O
( , O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
sc NN O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
and CC O
reduced VBD O
basal JJ O
body NN O
temperature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MPEP NNP O
administered VBD O
into IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
at IN O
high JJ O
concentrations NNS O
( , O
500 CD O
microM NN O
) -RRB- O
increased VBD O
extracellular JJ O
dopamine NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
while IN O
lower JJR O
concentrations NNS O
( SYM O
50 CD O
- SYM O
100 CD O
microM NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
devoid JJ O
of IN O
any DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
blockade NN O
of IN O
mGluR5 NNP O
by IN O
MPEP NNP O
may MD O
protect VB O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurones NNS O
against IN O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroprotection NN O
rendered VBN O
by IN O
MPEP NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dopamine NN O
efflux NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
due IN O
to IN O
the DT O
blockade NN O
of IN O
extrastriatal JJ O
mGluR5 NN O
, , O
and CC O
with IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Protective JJ O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
neuroactive JJ O
steroids NNS O
against IN O
cocaine NN O
kindled VBN O
- HYPH O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroactive JJ O
steroids NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
pharmacological JJ O
actions NNS O
that WDT O
have VBP O
relevance NN O
for IN O
a DT O
host NN O
of IN O
neurological JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
psychiatric JJ I-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
offer VBP O
protection NN O
against IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
range NN O
of IN O
models NNS O
and CC O
seem VBP O
to TO O
inhibit VB O
certain JJ O
stages NNS O
of IN O
drug NN B-Disease
dependence NN I-Disease
in IN O
preclinical JJ O
assessments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
two CD O
endogenous JJ O
and CC O
one CD O
synthetic JJ O
neuroactive JJ O
steroid NN O
that WDT O
positively RB O
modulate VBP O
the DT O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
aminobutyric JJ O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
against IN O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
sensitivity NN O
to IN O
the DT O
convulsant JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
engendered VBN O
by IN O
repeated VBN O
cocaine NN O
administration NN O
( , O
seizure NN B-Disease
kindling NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Allopregnanolone NNP O
( , O
3alpha NNP O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
5alpha NN O
- HYPH O
pregnan NN O
- HYPH O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
one CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
pregnanolone NN O
( , O
3alpha NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
5beta NN O
- HYPH O
pregnan NN O
- HYPH O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
one CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
ganaxolone NN O
( , O
a DT O
synthetic JJ O
derivative NN O
of IN O
allopregnanolone NN O
3alpha NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
3beta NN O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
5alpha NN O
- HYPH O
pregnan NN O
- HYPH O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
one CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
for IN O
their PRP$ O
ability NN O
to TO O
suppress VB O
the DT O
expression NN O
( , O
anticonvulsant JJ O
effect NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
development NN O
( , O
antiepileptogenic JJ O
effect NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
kindled VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
male JJ O
, , O
Swiss JJ O
- HYPH O
Webster NNP O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Kindled VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
daily JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
60 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg JJ O
cocaine NN O
for IN O
5 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
of IN O
these DT O
positive JJ O
GABA NNP O
( , O
A NNP O
) -RRB- O
modulators NNS O
suppressed VBD O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
kindled VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
only RB O
allopregnanolone NN O
and CC O
ganaxolone NN O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
kindling NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Allopregnanolone NN O
and CC O
pregnanolone NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
ganaxolone NN O
, , O
also RB O
reduced VBD O
cumulative JJ O
lethality NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
kindling NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
some DT O
neuroactive JJ O
steroids NNS O
attenuate VBP O
convulsant JJ O
and CC O
sensitizing VBG O
properties NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
add VBP O
to IN O
a DT O
growing VBG O
literature NN O
on IN O
their PRP$ O
potential JJ O
use NN O
in IN O
the DT O
modulation NN O
of IN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
drugs NNS O
of IN O
abuse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
humoral JJ O
modulators NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increase NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
locomotor NN I-Disease
activity NN I-Disease
of IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
humoral JJ O
modulators NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increase NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
locomotor NN I-Disease
activity NN I-Disease
of IN O
mice NNS O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
subcutaneous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
HC1 NNP O
produced VBD O
a DT O
marked JJ O
increase NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
locomotor NN I-Disease
activity NN I-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
potentiated VBN O
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
and CC O
attenuated VBN O
by IN O
physostigmine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
both CC O
methscopolamine NN O
and CC O
neostigmine NN O
, , O
which WDT O
do VBP O
not RB O
penetrate VB O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
, , O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
morphine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
of IN O
mice NNS O
with IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyltyrosine NN O
( , O
20 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
, , O
one CD O
hour NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
tyrosine NN O
hydroxylase NN O
, , O
significantly RB O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
activity NN O
- HYPH O
increasing VBG O
effects NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
p NN O
- HYPH O
chlorophenylalamine NN O
( , O
3 CD O
X NN O
320 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
, , O
24 CD O
hr NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
serotonin NN O
depletor NN O
, , O
caused VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
change NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
study NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
the DT O
activity NN O
- HYPH O
increasing VBG O
effects NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
are VBP O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
release NN O
of IN O
catecholamines NNS O
from IN O
adrenergic JJ O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
And CC O
the DT O
results NNS O
are VBP O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
morphine NN O
acts VBZ O
by IN O
retarding VBG O
the DT O
release NN O
of IN O
acetylcholine NN O
at IN O
some DT O
central JJ O
cholinergic JJ O
synapses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
also RB O
suggested VBN O
from IN O
collected VBN O
evidence NN O
that IN O
the DT O
activity NN O
- HYPH O
increasing VBG O
effects NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
are VBP O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
mechanisms NNS O
different JJ O
from IN O
those DT O
which WDT O
mediate VBP O
the DT O
activity NN O
- , O
increasing VBG O
effects NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
uninephrectomy NN O
and CC O
high JJ O
protein NN O
feeding NN O
on IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
with IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
were VBD O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
high JJ O
protein NN O
( , O
HP NN O
) -RRB- O
feeding NN O
, , O
uninephrectomy NN O
( , O
NX NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
a DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
these DT O
, , O
in IN O
an DT O
attempt NN O
to TO O
induce VB O
glomerular JJ O
hyperfiltration NN O
and CC O
further JJ O
progression NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Newborn JJ O
female JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
fed VBN O
a DT O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
diet NN O
( : O
50 CD O
mmol NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
and CC O
then RB O
randomized VBN O
to IN O
normal JJ O
diet NN O
, , O
HP NNP O
diet NN O
( : O
40 CD O
vs NNS O
. . O
19 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
NX NNP O
or CC O
HP NNP O
+ SYM O
NX NNP O
for IN O
another DT O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Corresponding VBG O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
lithium NN O
pretreated VBN O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
generated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
comparing VBG O
all DT O
lithium NN O
treated VBN O
versus IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
groups NNS O
, , O
lithium NN O
caused VBD O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
( , O
GFR NN O
) -RRB- O
without IN O
significant JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
effective JJ O
renal JJ O
plasma NN O
flow NN O
( , O
as IN O
determined VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
marker NN O
secreted VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
proximal JJ O
tubules NNS O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
lithium NN O
clearance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Consequently RB O
, , O
lithium NN O
pretreatment NN O
caused VBD O
a DT O
fall NN O
in IN O
filtration NN O
fraction NN O
and CC O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
fractional JJ O
Li NNP O
excretion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lithium NN O
also RB O
caused VBD O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
systolic JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
absence NN O
of IN O
glomerulosclerosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
HP NNP O
failed VBD O
to TO O
accentuante VB O
progression NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
in IN O
fact NN O
tended VBD O
to TO O
increase VB O
GFR NNP O
and CC O
decrease VB O
plasma NN O
creatinine NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
lithium NN O
pretreated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NX NNP O
caused VBD O
an DT O
additive JJ O
deterioration NN O
in IN O
GFR NNP O
which WDT O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
was VBD O
ameliorated VBN O
by IN O
HP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NX NNP O
+ CC O
HP NNP O
caused VBD O
a DT O
further JJ O
rise NN O
in IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
in IN O
Li NNP O
- HYPH O
pretreated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
Li NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
, , O
even RB O
when WRB O
the DT O
GFR NNP O
is VBZ O
only RB O
modestly RB O
reduced VBN O
, , O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
arterial JJ O
systolic JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
model NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
the DT O
decline NN O
in IN O
GFR NNP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
corresponding VBG O
fall NN O
in IN O
effective JJ O
renal JJ O
plasma NN O
flow NN O
, , O
which WDT O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
functional JJ O
expression NN O
of IN O
the DT O
formation NN O
of IN O
nonfiltrating VBG O
atubular JJ O
glomeruli NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
fractional JJ O
reabsorption NN O
of IN O
tubular JJ O
fluid NN O
by IN O
the DT O
proximal JJ O
tubules NNS O
is VBZ O
reduced VBN O
, , O
leaving VBG O
the DT O
distal NN O
delivery NN O
unchanged JJ O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) : O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
of IN O
Crohn NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
with IN O
fusidic JJ O
acid NN O
: : O
an DT O
antibiotic NN O
with IN O
immunosuppressive JJ O
properties NNS O
similar JJ O
to IN O
cyclosporin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fusidic JJ O
acid NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
antibiotic NN O
with IN O
T NN O
- HYPH O
cell NN O
specific JJ O
immunosuppressive JJ O
effects NNS O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
of IN O
cyclosporin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
of IN O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
new JJ O
treatments NNS O
for IN O
Crohn NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
a DT O
pilot NN O
study NN O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
to TO O
estimate VB O
the DT O
pharmacodynamics NN O
and CC O
tolerability NN O
of IN O
fusidic JJ O
acid NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
chronic JJ O
active JJ O
, , O
therapy NN O
- HYPH O
resistant JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
Crohn NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
were VBD O
included VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fusidic JJ O
acid NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
orally RB O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
500 CD O
mg NN O
t NN O
. . O
d LS O
. . O
s NFP O
. . O
and CC O
the DT O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
planned VBN O
to TO O
last VB O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
disease NN O
activity NN O
was VBD O
primarily RB O
measured VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
modified VBN O
individual JJ O
grading NN O
score NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
of IN O
8 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
63 CD O
% NN O
) , O
improved VBD O
during IN O
fusidic JJ O
acid NN O
treatment NN O
: : O
3 CD O
at IN O
two CD O
weeks NNS O
and CC O
2 CD O
after IN O
four CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
serious JJ O
clinical JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
, , O
but CC O
dose NN O
reduction NN O
was VBD O
required VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
because IN O
of IN O
nausea NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Biochemically RB O
, , O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
alkaline NN O
phosphatases NNS O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
5 CD O
of IN O
8 CD O
cases NNS O
( : O
63 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
greatest JJS O
increases NNS O
were VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
those DT O
who WP O
had VBD O
elevated VBN O
levels NNS O
prior RB O
to IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
reversed VBN O
to IN O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
treatment NN O
levels NNS O
after IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
pilot NN O
study NN O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
fusidic JJ O
acid NN O
may MD O
be VB O
of IN O
benefit NN O
in IN O
selected VBN O
chronic JJ O
active JJ O
Crohn NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
in IN O
whom WP O
conventional JJ O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
ineffective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
there EX O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
exist VB O
a DT O
scientific JJ O
rationale NN O
for IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
fusidic JJ O
acid NN O
at IN O
the DT O
cytokine NN O
level NN O
in IN O
inflammatory JJ B-Disease
bowel NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
this DT O
treatment NN O
should MD O
be VB O
further RB O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Changes NNS O
in IN O
depressive JJ B-Disease
status NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
topical JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blockers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Depression NN B-Disease
and CC O
sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
related VBN O
to IN O
side JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
topical JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blockers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
performed VBD O
a DT O
preliminary JJ O
study NN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
determine VB O
any DT O
difference NN O
between IN O
a DT O
non AFX O
selective JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocker NN O
( , O
timolol NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
selective JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocker NN O
( : O
betaxolol NN O
) -RRB- O
regarding VBG O
CNS NNP O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
glaucomatous JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
chronically RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
timolol NN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
/ SYM O
12h CD O
, , O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
depression NN B-Disease
diagnosed VBN O
through IN O
DMS NNP O
- HYPH O
III NNP O
- HYPH O
R NN O
criteria NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
included VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
six CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
follow NN O
up RP O
, , O
depression NN B-Disease
was VBD O
quantified VBN O
through IN O
the DT O
Beck NNP O
and CC O
Zung NNP O
- HYPH O
Conde NNP O
scales NNS O
every DT O
two CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
blind JJ O
cross NN O
- HYPH O
over IN O
study NN O
with IN O
control NN O
group NN O
, , O
the DT O
patients NNS O
under IN O
timolol NN O
treatment NN O
presented VBD O
higher JJR O
depression NN B-Disease
values NNS O
measured VBN O
through IN O
the DT O
Beck NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
Zung NNP O
- HYPH O
Conde NNP O
scales NNS O
( : O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
vs IN O
control NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
betaxolol NN O
could MD O
be VB O
less JJR O
of IN O
a DT O
depression NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
inducer NN O
than IN O
timolol NN O
in IN O
predisposed VBN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Protection NN O
against IN O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
toward IN O
striatal JJ O
dopamine NN O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
rodents NNS O
by IN O
LY274614 NNP O
, , O
an DT O
excitatory JJ O
amino NN O
acid NN O
antagonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
LY274614 NNP O
, , O
3SR NNP O
, , O
4aRS NNP O
, , O
6SR NNP O
, , O
8aRS NNP O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
phosphonomethyl NN O
] -RRB- O
decahydr NN O
oisoquinoline NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
carboxylic NN O
acid NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
described VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
potent JJ O
antagonist NN O
of IN O
the DT O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( -LRB- O
NMDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
subtype NN O
of IN O
glutamate NN O
receptor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
its PRP$ O
ability NN O
to TO O
antagonize VB O
the DT O
prolonged VBN O
depletion NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
by IN O
amphetamine NN O
in IN O
iprindole NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
single JJ O
18 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
( : O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
dose NN O
of IN O
( , O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
amphetamine NN O
hemisulfate NN O
, , O
given VBN O
to IN O
rats NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
iprindole NN O
, , O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
persistent JJ O
depletion NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
1 CD O
week NN O
later RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
prolonged VBN O
depletion NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
was VBD O
antagonized VBN O
by IN O
dizocilpine NN O
( , O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
, , O
a DT O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
competitive JJ O
antagonist NN O
of IN O
NMDA NNP O
receptors NNS O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
by IN O
LY274614 NNP O
( , O
a DT O
competitive JJ O
antagonist NN O
of IN O
NMDA NNP O
receptors NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
LY274614 NNP O
was VBD O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
, , O
being VBG O
maximum JJ O
at IN O
10 CD O
- SYM O
40 CD O
mgkg NNS O
( : O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
LY274614 NNP O
was VBD O
effective JJ O
in IN O
antagonizing VBG O
the DT O
depletion NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
, , O
when WRB O
given VBN O
as RB O
long JJ O
as IN O
8 CD O
hr NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
amphetamine NN O
but CC O
not RB O
when WRB O
given VBN O
24 CD O
hr NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
amphetamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Depletion NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
antagonized VBN O
when WRB O
LY274614 NNP O
was VBD O
given VBN O
after IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
of IN O
amphetamine NN O
; : O
LY274614 NNP O
protected VBN O
when WRB O
given VBN O
up RP O
to IN O
4 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
but CC O
not RB O
when WRB O
given VBN O
8 CD O
or CC O
24 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
amphetamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
prolonged VBN O
depletion NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
, , O
given VBN O
multiple JJ O
injections NNS O
of IN O
methamphetamine NN O
, , O
was VBD O
also RB O
antagonized VBN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependently RB O
and CC O
completely RB O
by IN O
LY274614 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
strengthen VBP O
the DT O
evidence NN O
that IN O
the DT O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
amphetamine NN O
and CC O
related JJ O
compounds NNS O
toward IN O
nigrostriatal JJ O
dopamine NN O
neurons NNS O
involves VBZ O
NMDA NNP O
receptors NNS O
and CC O
that IN O
LY274614 NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
with IN O
long RB O
- HYPH O
lasting VBG O
in IN O
vivo NN O
effects NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketoconazole NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurologic JJ B-Disease
sequelae NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
77 CD O
- HYPH O
y NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
weakness NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
extremities NNS I-Disease
, , O
legs NNS B-Disease
paralysis NN I-Disease
, , O
dysarthria NN B-Disease
and CC O
tremor NN B-Disease
1 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
ingestion NN O
of IN O
200 CD O
mg NN O
ketoconazole NN O
for IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
time NN O
in IN O
his PRP$ O
life NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
complaints NNS O
faded VBD O
away RB O
within IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Few JJ O
days NNS O
later RB O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
used VBD O
another DT O
200 CD O
mg NN O
ketoconazole NN O
tablet NN O
, , O
and CC O
within IN O
an DT O
hour NN O
experienced VBD O
a DT O
similar JJ O
clinical JJ O
picture NN O
, , O
which WDT O
resolved VBD O
again RB O
spontaneously RB O
within IN O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Laboratory NN O
evaluations NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
head NN O
CT NNP O
scan NN O
, , O
were VBD O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
illustrates VBZ O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
close JJ O
vigilance NN O
in IN O
adverse JJ B-Disease
drug NN I-Disease
reactions NNS I-Disease
, , O
particularly RB O
in IN O
the DT O
elderly JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Development NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
monkeys NNS O
may MD O
depend VB O
upon IN O
rate NN O
of IN O
symptom NN O
onset NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
duration NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Levodopa NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
( , O
LIDs NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
present VBP O
a DT O
major JJ O
problem NN O
for IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
management NN O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
PD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Due IN O
to IN O
the DT O
interdependence NN O
of IN O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
populations NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
difficult JJ O
to TO O
independently RB O
examine VB O
factors NNS O
that WDT O
may MD O
influence VB O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
LIDs NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
macaque NN O
monkeys NNS O
with IN O
different JJ O
types NNS O
of IN O
MPTP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
current JJ O
study NN O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
degree NN O
to IN O
which WDT O
rate NN O
of IN O
symptom NN O
progression NN O
, , O
symptom NN O
severity NN O
, , O
and CC O
response NN O
to IN O
and CC O
duration NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
therapy NN O
may MD O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
LIDs NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Monkeys NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ O
( , O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
) -RRB- O
MPTP NNP O
exposure NN O
, , O
rapid JJ O
symptom NN O
onset NN O
and CC O
short JJ O
symptom NN O
duration NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
therapy NN O
developed VBD O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
between IN O
11 CD O
and CC O
24 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
daily JJ O
levodopa NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
monkeys NNS O
with IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
MPTP NNP O
exposure NN O
, , O
slow JJ O
symptom NN O
progression NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
long JJ O
symptom NN O
duration NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
therapy NN O
were VBD O
more RBR O
resistant JJ O
to IN O
developing VBG O
LIDs NNS B-Disease
( : O
e LS O
. . O
g LS O
. . O
, , O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
no DT O
sooner RBR O
than IN O
146 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
levodopa NN O
administration NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
similarly RB O
symptomatic JJ O
at IN O
the DT O
start NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
had VBD O
similar JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
responses NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
distinct JJ O
differences NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
propensity NN O
to TO O
develop VB O
LIDs NNS B-Disease
in IN O
monkeys NNS O
with IN O
different JJ O
rates NNS O
of IN O
symptom NN O
progression NN O
or CC O
symptom NN O
durations NNS O
prior RB O
to IN O
levodopa NN O
and CC O
demonstrate VB O
the DT O
value NN O
of IN O
these DT O
models NNS O
for IN O
further RB O
studying VBG O
the DT O
pathophysiology NN O
of IN O
LIDs NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
diet NN O
promoting VBG O
sugar NN B-Disease
dependency NN I-Disease
causes VBZ O
behavioral JJ B-Disease
cross NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
sensitization NN I-Disease
to IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
amphetamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
research NN O
in IN O
this DT O
laboratory NN O
has VBZ O
shown VBN O
that IN O
a DT O
diet NN O
of IN O
intermittent JJ O
excessive JJ O
sugar NN O
consumption NN O
produces VBZ O
a DT O
state NN O
with IN O
neurochemical JJ O
and CC O
behavioral JJ O
similarities NNS O
to IN O
drug NN B-Disease
dependency NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
examined VBD O
whether IN O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
on IN O
various JJ O
regimens NNS O
of IN O
sugar NN O
access NN O
would MD O
show VB O
behavioral JJ B-Disease
cross NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
sensitization NN I-Disease
to IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
amphetamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
a DT O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
min NN O
baseline NN O
measure NN O
of IN O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
( , O
day NN O
0 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
maintained VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
cyclic JJ O
diet NN O
of IN O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
deprivation NN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
access NN O
to IN O
10 CD O
% NN O
sucrose NN O
solution NN O
and CC O
chow NN O
pellets NNS O
( , O
12 CD O
h NN O
access NN O
starting VBG O
4 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
onset NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dark JJ O
period NN O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
21 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Locomotor NN O
activity NN O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
again RB O
for IN O
30 CD O
min NN O
at IN O
the DT O
beginning NN O
of IN O
days NNS O
1 CD O
and CC O
21 CD O
of IN O
sugar NN O
access NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Beginning VBG O
on IN O
day NN O
22 CD O
, , O
all DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
maintained VBN O
on IN O
ad NN O
libitum NN O
chow NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nine CD O
days NNS O
later RBR O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
low JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
amphetamine NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
animals NNS O
that WDT O
had VBD O
experienced VBN O
cyclic JJ O
sucrose NN O
and CC O
chow NN O
were VBD O
hyperactive JJ B-Disease
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
amphetamine NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
four CD O
control NN O
groups NNS O
( , O
ad NN O
libitum NN O
10 CD O
% NN O
sucrose NN O
and CC O
chow NN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
amphetamine NN O
injection NN O
, , O
cyclic JJ O
chow NN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
amphetamine NN O
injection NN O
, , O
ad NN O
libitum NN O
chow NN O
with IN O
amphetamine NN O
, , O
or CC O
cyclic JJ O
10 CD O
% NN O
sucrose NN O
and CC O
chow NN O
with IN O
a DT O
saline NN O
injection NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
a DT O
diet NN O
comprised VBN O
of IN O
alternating VBG O
deprivation NN O
and CC O
access NN O
to IN O
a DT O
sugar NN O
solution NN O
and CC O
chow NN O
produces VBZ O
bingeing NN O
on IN O
sugar NN O
that WDT O
leads VBZ O
to IN O
a DT O
long JJ O
lasting VBG O
state NN O
of IN O
increased VBN O
sensitivity NN O
to IN O
amphetamine NN O
, , O
possibly RB O
due IN O
to IN O
a DT O
lasting VBG O
alteration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
dopamine NN O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reversible JJ O
dilated JJ B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
dilated JJ B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
and CC O
clinical JJ O
congestive JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
after IN O
2 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
( HYPH O
AmB NN O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
disseminated VBN O
coccidioidomycosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
His PRP$ O
echocardiographic JJ O
abnormalities NNS O
and CC O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
resolved VBD O
after IN O
posaconazole NN O
was VBD O
substituted VBN O
for IN O
AmB NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
important JJ O
to TO O
recognize VB O
the DT O
rare JJ O
and CC O
potentially RB O
reversible JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
AmB NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NO DT O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
: : O
strong JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
calcitonin NN O
gene NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
peptide NN O
( -LRB- O
CGRP NN O
) -RRB- O
concentration NN O
and CC O
negative JJ O
correlation NN O
with IN O
platelet NN O
serotonin NN O
release NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
calcitonin NN O
gene NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
peptide NN O
( -LRB- O
CGRP NN O
) -RRB- O
concentration NN O
and CC O
platelet NN O
serotonin NN O
( , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxytriptamine NN O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
) -RRB- O
content NN O
during IN O
the DT O
immediate JJ O
headache NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
delayed VBN O
genuine JJ O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
provoked VBN O
by IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifteen CD O
female JJ O
migraineurs NNS B-Disease
( , I-Disease
without IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
and CC O
eight CD O
controls NNS O
participated VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sublingual JJ O
nitroglycerin NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blood NN O
was VBD O
collected VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
antecubital JJ O
vein NN O
four CD O
times NNS O
: : O
60 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
the DT O
nitroglycerin NN O
application NN O
, , O
and CC O
60 CD O
and CC O
120 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
the DT O
beginning NN O
of IN O
the DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
344 CD O
and CC O
404 CD O
min NN O
; : O
12 CD O
subjects NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
those DT O
subjects NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
no DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
( : O
11 CD O
subjects NNS O
) , O
a DT O
similar JJ O
time NN O
schedule NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
CGRP NN O
concentration NN O
increased VBD O
significantly RB O
( : O
P NN O
< $ O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
the DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
and CC O
returned VBD O
to IN O
baseline NN O
after IN O
the DT O
cessation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
both CC O
change NN O
and CC O
peak NN O
, , O
showed VBD O
significant JJ O
positive JJ O
correlations NNS O
with IN O
migraine JJ B-Disease
headache NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
plasma NN O
CGRP NNP O
concentrations NNS O
failed VBD O
to TO O
change VB O
during IN O
immediate JJ O
headache NN B-Disease
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
subjects NNS O
with IN O
no DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Basal NNP O
CGRP NNP O
concentration NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
and CC O
platelet NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NNP O
content NN O
tended VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
lower JJR O
in IN O
subjects NNS O
who WP O
experienced VBD O
a DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Platelet NN O
serotonin NN O
content NN O
decreased VBD O
significantly RB O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
in IN O
subjects NNS O
with IN O
no DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
but CC O
no DT O
consistent JJ O
change NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
the DT O
fact NN O
that IN O
plasma NN O
CGRP NN O
concentration NN O
correlates VBZ O
with IN O
the DT O
timing NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
a DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
headache NN B-Disease
suggests VBZ O
a DT O
direct JJ O
relationship NN O
between IN O
CGRP NNP O
and CC O
migraine NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
serotonin NN O
release NN O
from IN O
platelets NNS O
does VBZ O
not RB O
provoke VB O
migraine NN B-Disease
, , O
it PRP O
may MD O
even RB O
counteract VB O
the DT O
headache NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
concomitant JJ O
CGRP NNP O
release NN O
in IN O
this DT O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hyperbaric JJ O
oxygen NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
control NN O
of IN O
intractable JJ O
cyclophosphamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
intractable JJ O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
Wegener NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
granulomatosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conservative JJ O
treatment NN O
, , O
including VBG O
bladder NN O
irrigation NN O
with IN O
physiological JJ O
saline NN O
and CC O
instillation NN O
of IN O
prostaglandin JJ O
F2 NN O
alpha NN O
, , O
failed VBD O
to TO O
totally RB O
control VB O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
then RB O
used VBD O
hyperbaric JJ O
oxygen NN O
at IN O
an DT O
absolute JJ O
pressure NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
atm NN O
, , O
5 CD O
days NNS O
a DT O
week NN O
for IN O
8 CD O
consecutive JJ O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
bleeding NN B-Disease
ceased VBD O
completely RB O
by IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
remained VBD O
free JJ O
of IN O
hematuria NN B-Disease
thereafter RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
future NN O
, , O
this DT O
form NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
can MD O
offer VB O
a DT O
safe JJ O
alternative NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ B-Disease
psychosis NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
phenytoin NN O
in IN O
a DT O
nonepileptic JJ O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
development NN O
of IN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
antiepileptic JJ O
drug NN O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
usually RB O
attributed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
interaction NN O
between IN O
the DT O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
brain NN O
substratum NN O
and CC O
the DT O
antiepileptic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
nonepileptic JJ O
patient NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
psychosis NN B-Disease
following VBG O
phenytoin NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
trigeminal JJ B-Disease
neuralgia NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
the DT O
psychotic JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
that WDT O
occur VBP O
following VBG O
phenytoin NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
some DT O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
direct JJ O
result NN O
of IN O
medication NN O
, , O
unrelated JJ O
to IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Risks NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
consumption NN O
of IN O
beverages NNS O
containing VBG O
quinine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
United NNP O
States NNP O
Food NNP O
and CC O
Drug NNP O
Administration NNP O
banned VBD O
its PRP$ O
use NN O
for IN O
nocturnal JJ B-Disease
leg NN I-Disease
cramps NNS I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
lack NN O
of IN O
safety NN O
and CC O
efficacy NN O
, , O
quinine NN O
is VBZ O
widely RB O
available JJ O
in IN O
beverages NNS O
including VBG O
tonic NN O
water NN O
and CC O
bitter JJ O
lemon NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Numerous JJ O
anecdotal JJ O
reports NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
products NNS O
containing VBG O
quinine NN O
may MD O
produce VB O
neurological JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
confusion NN B-Disease
, , O
altered VBN O
mental JJ O
status NN O
, , O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
coma NN B-Disease
, , O
particularly RB O
in IN O
older JJR O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Psychologists NNS O
need VBP O
to TO O
inquire VB O
about IN O
consumption NN O
of IN O
quinine NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
beverages NNS O
as IN O
part NN O
of IN O
an DT O
evaluation NN O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Transient JJ O
platypnea NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
orthodeoxia NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
propafenone NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
young JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
Ebstein NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
anomaly NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
report NN O
we PRP O
describe VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
37 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
white JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
Ebstein NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
anomaly NN I-Disease
, , O
who WP O
developed VBD O
a DT O
rare JJ O
syndrome NN O
called VBN O
platypnea NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
orthodeoxia NN I-Disease
, , O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
massive JJ O
right NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
left VBN O
interatrial JJ O
shunting NN O
with IN O
transient JJ O
profound JJ O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
and CC O
cyanosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
shunt NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
via IN O
a DT O
patent NN B-Disease
foramen NN I-Disease
ovale NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
normal JJ O
pulmonary JJ O
artery NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
and CC O
was VBD O
probably RB O
precipitated VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
propafenone NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
drug NN O
caused VBD O
biventricular JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
, , O
due IN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
negative JJ O
inotropic JJ O
effect NN O
, , O
and CC O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
due IN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
peripheral JJ O
vasodilatory JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
effects NNS O
gave VBD O
rise NN O
to IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
atrial JJ O
pressure NN O
and CC O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
one NN O
with IN O
a DT O
consequent JJ O
stretching NN O
of IN O
the DT O
foramen NN O
ovale NN O
and CC O
the DT O
creation NN O
of IN O
massive JJ O
right NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
left RB O
shunting VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
our PRP$ O
case NN O
this DT O
interatrial JJ O
shunt NN O
was VBD O
very RB O
accurately RB O
detected VBN O
at IN O
bubble NN O
contrast NN O
echocardiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Noxious JJ O
chemical JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
rat NN O
facial JJ O
mucosa NN O
increases VBZ O
intracranial JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
through IN O
a DT O
trigemino NN O
- HYPH O
parasympathetic JJ O
reflex NN O
- : O
- : O
an DT O
experimental JJ O
model NN O
for IN O
vascular JJ B-Disease
dysfunctions NNS I-Disease
in IN O
cluster NN B-Disease
headache NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cluster NN B-Disease
headache NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
typical JJ O
autonomic JJ O
dysfunctions NNS O
including VBG O
facial JJ O
and CC O
intracranial JJ B-Disease
vascular JJ I-Disease
disturbances NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both CC O
the DT O
trigeminal JJ O
and CC O
the DT O
cranial JJ O
parasympathetic JJ O
systems NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
mediating VBG O
these DT O
dysfunctions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
experimental JJ O
model NN O
was VBD O
developed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
to TO O
measure VB O
changes NNS O
in IN O
lacrimation NN O
and CC O
intracranial JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
following VBG O
noxious JJ O
chemical JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
facial JJ O
mucosa NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blood NN O
flow NN O
was VBD O
monitored VBN O
in IN O
arteries NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
exposed JJ O
cranial JJ O
dura NN O
mater NN O
and CC O
the DT O
parietal JJ O
cortex NN O
using VBG O
laser NN O
Doppler NNP O
flowmetry NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Capsaicin NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
mm NN O
) -RRB- O
applied VBN O
to IN O
oral JJ O
or CC O
nasal JJ O
mucosa NN O
induced VBN O
increases NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
dural JJ I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
cortical JJ I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
flow NN I-Disease
and CC O
provoked VBN O
lacrimation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
responses NNS O
were VBD O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
systemic JJ O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
of IN O
hexamethonium NN O
chloride NN O
( , O
20 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
evoked VBN O
increases NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
dural JJ I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
flow NN I-Disease
were VBD O
also RB O
abolished VBN O
by IN O
topical JJ O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
of IN O
atropine NN O
( , O
1 CD O
mm NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
[ -LRB- O
Lys1 NNP O
, , O
Pro2 NNP O
, , O
5 CD O
, , O
Arg3 NNP O
, , O
4 CD O
, , O
Tyr6 NNP O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
VIP NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mm NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
vasoactive JJ O
intestinal JJ O
polypeptide NN O
( -LRB- O
VIP NNP O
) -RRB- O
antagonist NN O
, , O
onto IN O
the DT O
exposed JJ O
dura NN O
mater NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
noxious JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
facial JJ O
mucosa NN O
increases VBZ O
intracranial JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
and CC O
lacrimation NN O
via IN O
a DT O
trigemino NN O
- HYPH O
parasympathetic JJ O
reflex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
blood NN O
flow NN O
responses NNS O
seem VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
release NN O
of IN O
acetylcholine NN O
and CC O
VIP NN O
within IN O
the DT O
meninges NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similar JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
cluster NN B-Disease
headache NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Organophosphate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
and CC O
prevention NN O
of IN O
neuropathological JJ B-Disease
damages NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
organophosphorus NN O
( , O
OP NN O
) -RRB- O
compounds VBZ O
as IN O
diisopropylfluorophosphate NN O
( , O
DFP NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
sarin NN O
and CC O
soman NN O
are VBP O
potent JJ O
inhibitors NNS O
of IN O
acetylcholinesterases NNS O
( , O
AChEs NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
butyrylcholinesterases NNS O
( -LRB- O
BChEs NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
acute JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
OPs NNS O
is VBZ O
the DT O
result NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
irreversible JJ O
binding NN O
with IN O
AChEs NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
( -LRB- O
CNS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
which WDT O
elevates VBZ O
acetylcholine NN O
( , O
ACh NNP O
) -RRB- O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
protective JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
subcutaneously RB O
( , O
SC NNP O
) -RRB- O
administered VBD O
antidotes NNS O
or CC O
their PRP$ O
combinations NNS O
in IN O
DFP NNP O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
BW NN O
) -RRB- O
intoxication NN O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
9 CD O
- SYM O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
weeks NNS O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
Han NNP O
- HYPH O
Wistar NNP O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rats NNS O
received VBD O
AChE NNP O
reactivator NN O
pralidoxime NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
chloride NN O
( -LRB- O
2PAM NN O
) -RRB- O
( SYM O
30 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
BW NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
anticonvulsant JJ O
diazepam NN O
( , O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
BW NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
A NN O
( , O
1 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
adenosine NN O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
N NNP O
( HYPH O
6 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
cyclopentyl NN O
adenosine NN O
( -LRB- O
CPA NN O
) -RRB- O
( , O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
BW NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
NMDA NNP O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
dizocilpine NN O
maleate NN O
( -LRB- O
+ SYM O
- HYPH O
MK801 CD O
hydrogen NN O
maleate NN O
) -RRB- O
( , O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
BW NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
their PRP$ O
combinations NNS O
with IN O
cholinolytic JJ O
drug NN O
atropine NN O
sulfate NN O
( : O
50 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
BW NN O
) -RRB- O
immediately RB O
or CC O
30 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
the DT O
single JJ O
SC NNP O
injection NN O
of IN O
DFP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
control NN O
rats NNS O
received VBD O
atropine NN O
sulfate NN O
, , O
but CC O
also RB O
saline NN O
and CC O
olive NN O
oil NN O
instead RB O
of IN O
other JJ O
antidotes NNS O
and CC O
DFP NNP O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
terminated VBN O
either CC O
24 CD O
h CD O
or CC O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
DFP NNP O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
DFP NNP O
- HYPH O
atropine NN O
showed VBD O
severe JJ O
typical JJ O
OP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
signs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
CPA NNP O
, , O
diazepam NN O
or CC O
2PAM NNP O
was VBD O
given VBN O
immediately RB O
after IN O
DFP NNP O
- HYPH O
atropine NN O
, , O
these DT O
treatments NNS O
prevented VBD O
, , O
delayed VBD O
or CC O
shortened VBD O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
serious JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
poisoning NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atropine NNP O
- HYPH O
MK801 NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
offer VB O
any DT O
additional JJ O
protection NN O
against IN O
DFP NNP O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
CPA NNP O
, , O
diazepam NN O
and CC O
2PAM NNP O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
atropine NN O
prevented VBD O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
serious JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
poisoning NN B-Disease
and CC O
thus RB O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
DFP NNP O
in IN O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
pyridoxine NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
behavioral JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
unmasked VBN O
by IN O
isoniazid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
girl NN O
had VBD O
behavioral JJ B-Disease
deterioration NN I-Disease
, , O
with IN O
hyperkinesis NN B-Disease
, , O
irritability NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
sleeping NN B-Disease
difficulties NNS I-Disease
after IN O
the DT O
therapeutic JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
isoniazid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
pharmacologic JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
pyridoxine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
led VBD O
to IN O
a DT O
disappearance NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
discontinuing VBG O
isoniazid NN O
therapy NN O
a DT O
similar JJ O
pattern NN O
of IN O
behavior NN O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
that WDT O
was VBD O
controlled VBN O
by IN O
pyridoxine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
placebo NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
, , O
but CC O
niacinamide NN O
was VBD O
as RB O
effective JJ O
as IN O
pyridoxine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Periodic JJ O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
pyridoxine NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
return NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hyperkinesis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
level NN O
of IN O
pyridoxal NN O
in IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
was VBD O
normal JJ O
during IN O
the DT O
periods NNS O
of IN O
relapse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metabolic JJ O
studies NNS O
suggested VBD O
a DT O
block NN O
in IN O
the DT O
kynurenine NN O
pathway NN O
of IN O
tryptophan NN O
metabolism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
followed VBN O
for IN O
six CD O
years NNS O
and CC O
has VBZ O
required VBN O
pharmacologic JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
pyridoxine NN O
to TO O
control VB O
her PRP$ O
behavior NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurrent JJ O
excitation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
dentate JJ O
gyrus NN O
of IN O
a DT O
murine NN O
model NN O
of IN O
temporal JJ B-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similar JJ O
to IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
systemic JJ O
pilocarpine NN O
injection NN O
causes VBZ O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
( , O
SE NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
eventual JJ O
development NN O
of IN O
spontaneous JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
mossy JJ O
fiber NN O
sprouting VBG O
in IN O
C57BL NNP O
/ SYM O
6 CD O
and CC O
CD1 NN O
mice NNS O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
physiological JJ O
correlates NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
events NNS O
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
identified VBN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Population NN O
responses NNS O
in IN O
granule NN O
cells NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
dentate NN O
gyrus NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
in IN O
transverse JJ O
slices NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
ventral JJ O
hippocampus NN O
from IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
and CC O
untreated JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Mg NNP O
( : O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
) CD O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
bathing NN O
medium NN O
containing VBG O
bicuculline NN O
, , O
conditions NNS O
designed VBN O
to TO O
increase VB O
excitability NN O
in IN O
the DT O
slices NNS O
, , O
electrical JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hilus NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
population NN O
spike NN O
in IN O
granule NN O
cells NNS O
from IN O
control NN O
mice NN O
and CC O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
mice NNS O
that WDT O
did VBD O
not RB O
experience VB O
SE NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
SE NNP B-Disease
survivors NNS O
, , O
similar JJ O
stimulation NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
population NN O
spike NN O
followed VBN O
, , O
at IN O
a DT O
variable JJ O
latency NN O
, , O
by IN O
negative JJ O
DC NNP O
shifts NNS O
and CC O
repetitive JJ O
afterdischarges NNS O
of IN O
3 CD O
- SYM O
60 CD O
s NNS O
duration NN O
, , O
which WDT O
were VBD O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
ionotropic JJ O
glutamate NN O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Focal JJ O
glutamate NN O
photostimulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
granule NN O
cell NN O
layer NN O
at IN O
sites NNS O
distant JJ O
from IN O
the DT O
recording NN O
pipette NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
population NN O
responses NNS O
of IN O
1 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
s NNS O
duration NN O
in IN O
slices NNS O
from IN O
SE NNP B-Disease
survivors NNS O
but CC O
not RB O
other JJ O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
support VBP O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
SE NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
mossy JJ O
fiber NN O
sprouting NN O
and CC O
synaptic JJ O
reorganization NN O
are VBP O
relevant JJ O
characteristics NNS O
of IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
development NN O
in IN O
these DT O
murine JJ O
strains NNS O
, , O
resembling VBG O
rat NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
human JJ O
temporal JJ B-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urinary JJ B-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
in IN O
Wegener NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
granulomatosis NN I-Disease
: : O
risks NNS O
and CC O
relation NN O
to IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
assess VB O
and CC O
characterise VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
relation NN O
to IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
, , O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Wegener NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
granulomatosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
the DT O
population NN O
based VBN O
, , O
nationwide JJ O
Swedish NNP O
Inpatient NNP O
Register NNP O
a DT O
cohort NN O
of IN O
1065 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Wegener NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
granulomatosis NN I-Disease
, , O
1969 CD O
- SYM O
95 CD O
, , O
was VBD O
identified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Through IN O
linkage NN O
with IN O
the DT O
Swedish NNP O
Cancer NNP B-Disease
Register NNP O
, , O
all DT O
subjects NNS O
in IN O
this DT O
cohort NN O
diagnosed VBN O
with IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
were VBD O
identified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nested VBN O
within IN O
the DT O
cohort NN O
, , O
a DT O
matched VBN O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
to TO O
estimate VB O
the DT O
association NN O
between IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
and CC O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
using VBG O
odds NNS O
ratios NNS O
( -LRB- O
ORs NNS O
) -RRB- O
as IN O
relative JJ O
risk NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
cohort NN O
the DT O
cumulative JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
after IN O
Wegener NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
granulomatosis NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
relative JJ O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
at IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
Wegener NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
granulomatosis NN I-Disease
, , O
were VBD O
also RB O
estimated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
median JJ O
cumulative JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
among IN O
cases NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
11 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
controls NNS O
( SYM O
n CD O
= SYM O
25 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
113 CD O
g CD O
and CC O
25 CD O
g NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
doubled VBD O
for IN O
every DT O
10 CD O
g NN O
increment NN O
in IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
( : O
OR NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
( , O
CI NN O
) : O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
to IN O
4 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
duration NN O
longer RBR O
than IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
eightfold JJ O
increased JJ O
risk NN O
( : O
OR CC O
= SYM O
7 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
to TO O
69 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
absolute JJ O
risk NN O
for IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
cohort NN O
reached VBD O
10 CD O
% NN O
16 CD O
years NNS O
after IN O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
Wegener NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
granulomatosis NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
was VBD O
( : O
non NN O
- HYPH O
significantly RB O
) RB O
twice RB O
as RB O
common JJ O
as IN O
expected VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
Wegener NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
granulomatosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
response NN O
relationship NN O
between IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
and CC O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
high JJ O
cumulative JJ O
risks NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
entire JJ O
cohort NN O
, , O
and CC O
also RB O
the DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
operating VBG O
even RB O
before IN O
Wegener NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
granulomatosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Differential JJ O
modulation NN O
by IN O
estrogen NN O
of IN O
alpha2 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic NN O
and CC O
I1 NN O
- HYPH O
imidazoline NN O
receptor NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
recently RB O
shown VBN O
that IN O
estrogen NN O
negatively RB O
modulates VBZ O
the DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
( , O
mixed JJ O
alpha2 NN O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
I1 NN O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
and CC O
implicates VBZ O
the DT O
cardiovascular JJ O
autonomic JJ O
control NN O
in IN O
this DT O
interaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
investigated VBD O
whether IN O
this DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
estrogen NN O
involves VBZ O
interaction NN O
with IN O
alpha2 NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
I1 NN O
- HYPH O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Changes NNS O
evoked VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
intraperitoneal JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
rilmenidine NN O
( : O
600 CD O
microg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyldopa NN O
( , O
100 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
selective JJ O
I1 NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
alpha2 NN O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
agonists NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
in IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
hemodynamic JJ O
variability NN O
, , O
and CC O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
radiotelemetered JJ O
sham NN O
- HYPH O
operated VBN O
and CC O
ovariectomized VBN O
( -LRB- O
Ovx NNP O
) -RRB- O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
wk NN O
estrogen NN O
replacement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
time NN O
domain NN O
indexes NNS O
of IN O
hemodynamic JJ O
variability NN O
were VBD O
employed VBN O
: : O
the DT O
standard JJ O
deviation NN O
of IN O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
as IN O
a DT O
measure NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
variability NN O
and CC O
the DT O
standard JJ O
deviation NN O
of IN O
beat NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
beat NN O
intervals NNS O
( -LRB- O
SDRR NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
root NN O
mean JJ O
square NN O
of IN O
successive JJ O
differences NNS O
in IN O
R NN O
- HYPH O
wave NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
R NN O
- HYPH O
wave NN O
intervals NNS O
as IN O
measures NNS O
of IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
variability NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
sham NN O
- HYPH O
operated VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
rilmenidine NN O
or CC O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyldopa NNP O
elicited VBD O
similar JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
that WDT O
lasted VBD O
at IN O
least JJS O
5 CD O
h NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
reductions NNS O
in IN O
standard JJ O
deviation NN O
of IN O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SDRR NNP O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
only RB O
by IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyldopa NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ovx NNP O
significantly RB O
enhanced VBD O
the DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
response NN O
to IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyldopa NN O
, , O
in IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
rilmenidine NN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
enhanced VBN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyldopa NN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
Ovx NNP O
rats NNS O
was VBD O
paralleled VBN O
with IN O
further JJ O
reduction NN O
in IN O
SDRR NN O
and CC O
a DT B-Disease
reduced VBN I-Disease
locomotor NN I-Disease
activity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Estrogen NN O
replacement NN O
( , O
17beta NN O
- HYPH O
estradiol NN O
subcutaneous JJ O
pellet NN O
, , O
14 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
, , O
12 CD O
wk NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
Ovx NNP O
rats NNS O
restored VBD O
the DT O
hemodynamic JJ O
and CC O
locomotor NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyldopa NN O
to IN O
sham NN O
- HYPH O
operated VBN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
estrogen NN O
downregulates VBZ O
alpha2 NN O
- HYPH O
but CC O
not RB O
I1 NN O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
highlight VBP O
a DT O
role NN O
for IN O
the DT O
cardiac JJ O
autonomic JJ O
control NN O
in IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyldopa NN O
- HYPH O
estrogen NN O
interaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
reversible JJ O
left JJ B-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
systolic JJ I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
diastolic JJ I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
accidental JJ O
iatrogenic JJ O
epinephrine NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Catecholamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
chronic JJ O
excess NN O
of IN O
endogenous JJ O
catecholamines NNS O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
recognized VBN O
for IN O
decades NNS O
as IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
phenomenon NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
reports NNS O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
acute JJ O
iatrogenic JJ O
overdose NN B-Disease
are VBP O
rare JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
35 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
whose WP$ O
cervix NN O
uteri NN O
was VBD O
inadvertently RB O
injected VBN O
with IN O
8 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
epinephrine NN O
developed VBD O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
stunning NN I-Disease
that WDT O
was VBD O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
severe JJ O
hemodynamic JJ O
compromise NN O
, , O
profound JJ O
, , O
albeit IN O
transient JJ O
, , O
left JJ B-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
systolic JJ I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
diastolic JJ I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
only RB O
modestly RB O
elevated VBN O
biochemical JJ O
markers NNS O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
case NN O
illustrates VBZ O
the DT O
serious JJ O
consequences NNS O
of IN O
medical JJ O
errors NNS O
that WDT O
can MD O
be VB O
avoided VBN O
through IN O
improved VBN O
medication NN O
labeling NN O
and CC O
staff NN O
supervision NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardioprotective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
tincture NN O
of IN O
Crataegus NNP O
on IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tincture NN O
of IN O
Crataegus NNP O
( , O
TCR NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
alcoholic JJ O
extract NN O
of IN O
the DT O
berries NNS O
of IN O
hawthorn NN O
( , O
Crataegus NNP O
oxycantha NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
in IN O
herbal JJ O
and CC O
homeopathic JJ O
medicine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
done VBN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
TCR NN O
on IN O
experimentally RB O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
of IN O
TCR NN O
, , O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mL CD O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
g NN O
bodyweight NN O
per IN O
day NN O
, , O
orally RB O
for IN O
30 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
prevented VBN O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
and CC O
activity NN O
of IN O
marker NN O
enzymes NNS O
observed VBN O
in IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rats NNS O
( , O
85 CD O
mg CD O
kg NNS O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
for IN O
2 CD O
days NNS O
at IN O
an DT O
interval NN O
of IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TCR NNP O
prevented VBD O
the DT O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
decrease NN O
in IN O
antioxidant NN O
enzymes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
heart NN O
and CC O
increased VBD O
the DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
ADP NNP O
- HYPH O
stimulated VBN O
oxygen NN O
uptake NN O
and CC O
respiratory JJ O
coupling NN O
ratio NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TCR NNP O
protected VBD O
against IN O
pathological JJ O
changes NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
isoproterenol NN O
in IN O
rat NN O
heart NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
TCR NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
useful JJ O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
the DT O
damage NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
isoproterenol NN O
in IN O
rat NN O
heart NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
of IN O
tinnitus NN B-Disease
by IN O
intratympanic JJ O
instillation NN O
of IN O
lignocaine NN O
( , O
lidocaine NN O
) -RRB- O
2 CD O
per NN O
cent NN O
through IN O
ventilation NN O
tubes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Idiopathic JJ B-Disease
subjective JJ I-Disease
tinnitus NN I-Disease
( , O
IST NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
obscure JJ O
otological JJ O
pathologies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
paper NN O
presents VBZ O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
treating VBG O
IST NNP B-Disease
by IN O
intratympanic JJ O
instillation NN O
of IN O
lignocaine NN O
( , O
lidocaine NN O
) SYM O
2 CD O
per NN O
cent NN O
through IN O
a DT O
grommet NN O
, , O
for IN O
five CD O
weekly JJ O
courses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifty CD O
- HYPH O
two CD O
patients NNS O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
intractable JJ O
tinnitus NN B-Disease
entered VBD O
this DT O
therapeutic JJ O
trial NN O
, , O
but CC O
only RB O
nine CD O
finished VBD O
all DT O
five CD O
courses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
one CD O
patient NN O
, , O
the DT O
tinnitus NN B-Disease
was VBD O
almost RB O
completely RB O
abolished VBN O
, , O
but CC O
in IN O
all PDT O
the DT O
nine CD O
patients NNS O
the DT O
decompensated JJ O
tinnitus NN B-Disease
changed VBD O
to IN O
a DT O
compensated JJ O
one NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
suggest VBP O
this DT O
mode NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
previously RB O
treated VBN O
by IN O
drugs NNS O
, , O
acupuncture NN O
and CC O
biofeedback NN O
, , O
with IN O
disappointing JJ O
results NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
warned VBN O
about IN O
the DT O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
vertigo NN B-Disease
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
subsides VBZ O
gradually RB O
with IN O
every DT O
new JJ O
instillation NN O
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
the DT O
tinnitus NN B-Disease
may MD O
not RB O
disappear VB O
but CC O
will MD O
be VB O
alleviated VBN O
, , O
enabling VBG O
them PRP O
to TO O
cope VB O
more RBR O
easily RB O
with IN O
the DT O
disease NN O
and CC O
lead VB O
a DT O
more RBR O
normal JJ O
life NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
alpha3 NN O
and CC O
beta4 NN O
nicotinic JJ O
acetylcholine NN O
receptor NN O
subunits NNS O
are VBP O
necessary JJ O
for IN O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
hypolocomotion NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Binding VBG O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
to IN O
nicotinic JJ O
acetylcholine NN O
receptors NNS O
( -LRB- O
nAChRs NNP O
) -RRB- O
elicits VBZ O
a DT O
series NN O
of IN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
behaviors NNS O
that WDT O
go VBP O
from IN O
altered JJ O
exploration NN O
, , O
sedation NN O
, , O
and CC O
tremors NNS B-Disease
, , O
to IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
death NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
nAChRs NNS O
are VBP O
pentameric JJ O
ion NN O
channels NNS O
usually RB O
composed VBN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
and CC O
beta NN O
subunits NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
gene NN O
cluster NN O
comprises VBZ O
the DT O
alpha3 NN O
, , O
alpha5 NN O
and CC O
beta4 NN O
subunits NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
coassemble VBP O
to TO O
form VB O
functional JJ O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
examined VBD O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
the DT O
beta4 NN O
subunits NNS O
in IN O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
hypolocomotion NN B-Disease
in IN O
beta4 NN O
homozygous JJ O
null NN O
( , O
beta4 NN O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
alpha3 NN O
heterozygous NN O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
beta4 NN O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
less RBR O
sensitive JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
both CC O
at IN O
low JJ O
doses NNS O
, , O
measured VBN O
as IN O
decreased VBN O
exploration NN O
in IN O
an DT O
open JJ O
field NN O
, , O
and CC O
at IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
, , O
measured VBN O
as IN O
sensitivity NN O
to IN O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
in IN O
situ NN O
hybridization NN O
probes NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
alpha3 NN O
and CC O
alpha5 NN O
subunits NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
showed VBD O
that IN O
alpha5 NN O
mRNA NN O
levels NNS O
are VBP O
unchanged JJ O
, , O
whereas IN O
alpha3 NN O
mRNA NN O
levels NNS O
are VBP O
selectively RB O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
mitral JJ O
cell NN O
layer NN O
of IN O
the DT O
olfactory JJ O
bulb NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
inferior JJ O
and CC O
the DT O
superior JJ O
colliculus NN O
of IN O
beta4 NN O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
brains NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
alpha3 NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
partially RB O
resistant JJ O
to IN O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
when WRB O
compared VBN O
to IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
littermates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
mRNA NNP O
levels NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
alpha5 NN O
and CC O
the DT O
beta4 NN O
subunits NNS O
were VBD O
unchanged JJ O
in IN O
alpha3 NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
brains NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Together RB O
, , O
these DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
beta4 NN O
and CC O
the DT O
alpha3 NN O
subunits NNS O
are VBP O
mediators NNS O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
hypolocomotion NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
sevoflurane NN O
on IN O
lidocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
sevoflurane NN O
on IN O
lidocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
cats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
threshold NN O
( -LRB- O
mean VB O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SD NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
41 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
l LS O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) NFP O
with IN O
lidocaine NN O
infusion NN O
( : O
6 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
kg NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) NFP O
. . O
min NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
, , O
increasing VBG O
significantly RB O
to IN O
66 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
l LS O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) : O
when WRB O
the DT O
end NN O
- HYPH O
tidal JJ O
concentration NN O
of IN O
sevoflurane NN O
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
threshold NN O
( : O
61 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
8 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
l NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
1 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
sevoflurane NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
significant JJ O
from IN O
that DT O
during IN O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
sevoflurane NN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
a DT O
celling NN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
the DT O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
threshold NN O
between IN O
sevoflurane NN O
and CC O
enflurane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rise NN O
in IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
became VBD O
less RBR O
marked JJ O
when WRB O
higher JJR O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
sevoflurane NN O
or CC O
enflurane NN O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
at IN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
decreased VBD O
significantly RB O
in IN O
1 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
sevoflurane NN O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
enflurane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
the DT O
lidocaine NN O
concentrations NNS O
measured VBN O
when WRB O
the DT O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
became VBD O
70 CD O
mmHg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Apamin NNP O
, , O
a DT O
selective JJ O
blocker NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
potassium NN O
channels NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
intracerebroventricularly RB O
in IN O
rats NNS O
anesthetized VBN O
with IN O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
sevoflurane NN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
the DT O
anticonvulsive JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Apamin NNP O
( : O
10 CD O
ng NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
a DT O
tendency NN O
to TO O
decrease VB O
the DT O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
threshold NN O
( : O
21 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
to TO O
19 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
l NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
but CC O
this DT O
was VBD O
not RB O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
sevoflurane NN O
reduces VBZ O
the DT O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
but CC O
carries VBZ O
some DT O
risk NN O
due IN O
to IN O
circulatory JJ O
depression NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
observed VBN O
in IN O
association NN O
with IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
chemotherapy NN O
for IN O
metastatic JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTRODUCTION NN O
: : O
Cyclophosphamide NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
alkylating JJ O
agent NN O
given VBN O
frequently RB O
as IN O
a DT O
component NN O
of IN O
many JJ O
conditioning NN O
regimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
, , O
its PRP$ O
nonhematological JJ O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
toxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
STUDY NN O
DESIGN NN O
: : O
We PRP O
combined VBD O
paclitaxel NN O
, , O
melphalan NN O
and CC O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
, , O
thiotepa NN O
, , O
and CC O
carboplatin NN O
in IN O
a DT O
triple JJ O
sequential JJ O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
regimen NN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
metastatic JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Analysis NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
on IN O
61 CD O
women NNS O
with IN O
chemotherapy NN O
- HYPH O
responsive JJ O
metastatic JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
receiving VBG O
96 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
infusional JJ O
cyclophosphamide NN O
as IN O
part NN O
of IN O
a DT O
triple JJ O
sequential JJ O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
regimen NN O
to TO O
assess VB O
association NN O
between IN O
presence NN O
of IN O
peritransplant NN O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
( , O
CHF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
following VBG O
pretreatment NN O
characteristics NNS O
: : O
presence NN O
of IN O
electrocardiogram NN O
( , O
EKG NNP O
) -RRB- O
abnormalities NNS O
, , O
age NN O
, , O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
prior JJ O
cardiac JJ O
history NN O
, , O
smoking NN O
, , O
diabetes NN B-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
, , O
prior JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
anthracyclines NNS O
, , O
and CC O
left RB O
- HYPH O
sided VBN O
chest NN O
irradiation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Six CD O
of IN O
61 CD O
women NNS O
( , O
10 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
clinically RB O
reversible JJ O
grade NN O
3 CD O
CHF NNP B-Disease
following VBG O
infusional JJ O
cyclophosphamide NN O
with IN O
a DT O
median JJ O
percent NN O
decline NN O
in IN O
ejection NN O
fraction NN O
of IN O
31 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Incidence NN O
of IN O
transient JJ O
cyclophosphamide NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
( : O
10 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
comparable JJ O
to IN O
previous JJ O
recorded VBN O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Older JJR O
age NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
CHF NNP B-Disease
development NN O
; , O
with IN O
median JJ O
ages NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
entire JJ O
group NN O
and CC O
for IN O
patients NNS O
developing VBG O
CHF NNP B-Disease
of IN O
45 CD O
and CC O
59 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
association NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
with IN O
other JJ O
pretreatment NN O
characteristics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
As IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
these DT O
findings NNS O
, , O
oncologists NNS O
should MD O
carefully RB O
monitor VB O
fluid JJ O
balance NN O
in IN O
older JJR O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Routine JJ O
EKG NNP O
monitoring NN O
during IN O
infusional JJ O
cyclophosphamide NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
predict VB O
CHF NNP B-Disease
development NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tremor NN B-Disease
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
salbutamol NN O
, , O
quantified VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
laser NN O
pointer NN O
technique NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
study VB O
tremor NN B-Disease
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
salbutamol NN O
an DT O
easily RB O
applicable JJ O
, , O
quick JJ O
and CC O
low RB O
- HYPH O
priced VBN O
method NN O
is VBZ O
needed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
new JJ O
method NN O
using VBG O
a DT O
commercially RB O
available JJ O
, , O
pen NN O
- HYPH O
shaped JJ O
laser NN O
pointer NN O
was VBD O
developed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
sensitivity NN O
, , O
reproducibility NN O
, , O
reference NN O
values NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
agreement NN O
with IN O
a DT O
questionnaire NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Tremor NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
measured VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
laser NN O
pointer NN O
technique NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
determine VB O
sensitivity NN O
we PRP O
assessed VBD O
tremor NN B-Disease
in IN O
44 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
obstructive JJ B-Disease
lung NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
cumulative JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
salbutamol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjects NNS O
were VBD O
asked VBN O
to TO O
aim VB O
at IN O
the DT O
centre NN O
of IN O
a DT O
target NN O
, , O
subdivided VBN O
in IN O
concentric JJ O
circles NNS O
, , O
from IN O
5 CD O
m NN O
distance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
circle NN O
in IN O
which WDT O
the DT O
participant NN O
succeeded VBD O
to TO O
aim VB O
was VBD O
recorded VBN O
in IN O
millimetres NNS O
radius NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
another DT O
series NN O
of IN O
measurements NNS O
, , O
reproducibility NN O
and CC O
reference NN O
values NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
tremor NN B-Disease
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
65 CD O
healthy JJ O
subjects NNS O
in IN O
three CD O
sessions NNS O
, , O
at IN O
9 CD O
a DT O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
, , O
4 CD O
p NN O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
and CC O
9 CD O
a DT O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
1 CD O
week NN O
later RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postural JJ O
tremor NN B-Disease
was VBD O
measured VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
arm NN O
horizontally RB O
outstretched VBN O
rest NN O
tremor NN B-Disease
with IN O
the DT O
arm NN O
supported VBN O
by IN O
an DT O
armrest NN O
and CC O
finally RB O
tremor NN B-Disease
was VBD O
measured VBN O
after IN O
holding VBG O
a DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
kg NN O
weight NN O
until IN O
exhaustion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Inter NNP O
- HYPH O
observer NN O
variability NN O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
series NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
healthy JJ O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tremor NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
measured VBN O
simultaneously RB O
by IN O
two CD O
independent JJ O
observers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Salbutamol NNP O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
tremor NN B-Disease
severity NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
way NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Within IN O
healthy JJ O
adults NNS O
no DT O
age NN O
- HYPH O
dependency NN O
could MD O
be VB O
found VBN O
( : O
b NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
262 CD O
mm NN O
/ SYM O
year NN O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
72 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
agreement NN O
between IN O
the DT O
questionnaire NN O
and CC O
tremor NN B-Disease
severity NN O
( : O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
093 CD O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
53 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postural JJ O
tremor NN B-Disease
showed VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
between IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
and CC O
third JJ O
session NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
07 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Support NN O
of IN O
the DT O
arm NN O
decreased VBD O
tremor NN B-Disease
severity NN O
, , O
exhaustion NN O
increased VBD O
tremor NN B-Disease
severity NN O
significantly RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
good JJ O
agreement NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
between IN O
two CD O
independent JJ O
observers NNS O
( , O
interclass NN O
correlation NN O
coefficient NN O
0 CD O
. . O
72 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
Quantifying VBG O
tremor NN B-Disease
by IN O
using VBG O
an DT O
inexpensive JJ O
laser NN O
pointer NN O
is VBZ O
, , O
with IN O
the DT O
exception NN O
of IN O
children NNS O
( : O
< : O
12 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
a DT O
sensitive JJ O
and CC O
reproducible JJ O
method NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Safety NN O
and CC O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
raloxifene NN O
: : O
multiple JJ O
outcomes NNS O
of IN O
raloxifene NN O
evaluation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
raloxifene NN O
on IN O
major JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
that WDT O
occur VBP O
with IN O
postmenopausal JJ O
estrogen NN O
therapy NN O
or CC O
tamoxifen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
Multiple NNP O
Outcomes NNPS O
of IN O
Raloxifene NNP O
Evaluation NNP O
, , O
a DT O
multicenter JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
trial NN O
, , O
enrolled VBD O
7 CD O
, , O
705 CD O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
with IN O
osteoporosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Women NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to TO O
raloxifene VB O
60 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
d CD O
or CC O
120 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
d NN O
or CC O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Outcomes NNS O
included VBD O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
, , O
cataracts NNS B-Disease
, , O
gallbladder NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
hyperplasia NN I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
During IN O
a DT O
mean NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
raloxifene NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
for IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
( , O
relative JJ O
risk NN O
[ -LRB- O
RR NN O
] -RRB- O
2 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
[ -LRB- O
CI NN O
] -RRB- O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
excess JJ O
event NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
per IN O
1 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
woman NN O
- HYPH O
years NNS O
( : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
number NN O
needed VBN O
to TO O
treat VB O
to TO O
cause VB O
1 CD O
event NN O
was VBD O
170 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
100 CD O
- HYPH O
582 CD O
) -RRB- O
over IN O
3 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Risk NN O
in IN O
the DT O
raloxifene NN O
group NN O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
for IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
2 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
but CC O
decreased VBD O
to IN O
about RB O
the DT O
same JJ O
rate NN O
as IN O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
thereafter RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Raloxifene NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
increase VB O
risk NN O
for IN O
cataracts NNS B-Disease
( -LRB- O
RR NN O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
gallbladder NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
RR NN O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
hyperplasia NN I-Disease
( : O
RR NN O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
) NFP O
, , O
or CC O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
( : O
RR NN O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
- SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Raloxifene NNP O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
for IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
, , O
but CC O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
for IN O
cataracts NNS B-Disease
, , O
gallbladder NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
hyperplasia NN I-Disease
, , O
or CC O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
LEVEL NN O
OF IN O
EVIDENCE NN O
: : O
I PRP O
null null null-Disease
Optimization NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
there EX O
is VBZ O
no DT O
single JJ O
correct JJ O
starting VBG O
dose NN O
for IN O
levodopa NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
many JJ O
individuals NNS O
can MD O
be VB O
started VBN O
on IN O
either CC O
the DT O
25 CD O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
or CC O
controlled VBN O
- HYPH O
release NN O
formula NN O
, , O
following VBG O
the DT O
general JJ O
rule NN O
not RB O
to TO O
attempt VB O
to TO O
titrate VB O
carbidopa NN O
- HYPH O
levodopa NN O
to IN O
the DT O
point NN O
of IN O
"""" `` O
normality NN O
, , O
"""" '' O
which WDT O
can MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
physician NN O
should MD O
also RB O
determine VB O
the DT O
proper JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
any DT O
adjunctive JJ O
medications NNS O
; : O
such JJ O
combined VBN O
therapy NN O
has VBZ O
become VBN O
the DT O
standard JJ O
approach NN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
the DT O
initial JJ O
period NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
, , O
emerging VBG O
difficulties NNS O
require VBP O
a DT O
reassessment NN O
of IN O
therapeutic JJ O
approaches NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
dosage NN O
adjustment NN O
or CC O
introduction NN O
of IN O
a DT O
dopamine NN O
agonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Other JJ O
possible JJ O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
- : O
- : O
such JJ O
as IN O
gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
, , O
orthostatic JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
, , O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
, , O
sleep NN B-Disease
disturbances NNS I-Disease
or CC O
parasomnias NNS B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
drug NN O
interactions NNS O
- , O
- , O
also RB O
require VBP O
carefully RB O
monitored VBN O
individual JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nonpharmacologic JJ O
concerns NNS O
can MD O
help VB O
the DT O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
patient NN O
achieve VB O
and CC O
maintain VB O
optimal JJ O
functioning NN O
, , O
including VBG O
daily JJ O
exercise NN O
, , O
physical NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
and CC O
involvement NN O
with IN O
support NN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
term NN O
audiological JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
beta JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
thalassemic JJ I-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
objective NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
identify VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
to TO O
monitor VB O
the DT O
progression NN O
of IN O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
in IN O
children NNS O
and CC O
young JJ O
adults NNS O
with IN O
beta NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
thalassemia NN I-Disease
major NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
One CD O
hundred CD O
and CC O
four CD O
( SYM O
104 CD O
) , O
patients NNS O
aged VBN O
6 CD O
- SYM O
35 CD O
years NNS O
( , O
mean JJ O
17 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
participated VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
on IN O
a DT O
regular JJ O
transfusion NN O
- HYPH O
chelation NN O
program NN O
maintaining VBG O
a DT O
mean JJ O
hemoglobin NN O
level NN O
of IN O
9 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
gr NN O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjects NNS O
were VBD O
receiving VBG O
desferrioxamine NN O
( , O
DFO NNP O
) , O
chelation NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
a DT O
mean JJ O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
50 CD O
- SYM O
60 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
5 CD O
- SYM O
6 CD O
days NNS O
a DT O
week NN O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
six CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
then RB O
reduced VBN O
to IN O
40 CD O
- SYM O
50 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
for IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
eight CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
were VBD O
followed VBN O
for IN O
8 CD O
- SYM O
14 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Overall RB O
, , O
21 CD O
out IN O
of IN O
104 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
20 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
presented VBN O
with IN O
high JJ O
frequency NN O
sensorineural JJ B-Disease
hearing NN I-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
( : O
SNHL NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
either CC O
unilateral JJ O
or CC O
bilateral JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
ototoxic JJ B-Disease
factor NN O
, , O
other JJ O
than IN O
DFO NNP O
, , O
was VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
with IN O
SNHL NNP B-Disease
presented VBD O
with IN O
relatively RB O
lower JJR O
serum JJ O
ferritin NN O
levels NNS O
than IN O
those DT O
with IN O
normal JJ O
hearing NN O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
no DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjects NNS O
with IN O
SNHL NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
submitted VBN O
to IN O
DFO NNP O
reduction NN O
or CC O
temporary JJ O
withdrawal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
intervention NN O
, , O
7 CD O
out IN O
of IN O
21 CD O
affected VBN O
patients NNS O
recovered VBD O
, , O
10 CD O
remained VBD O
stable JJ O
and CC O
4 CD O
demonstrated VBD O
aggravation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
findings NNS O
are VBP O
indicative JJ O
of IN O
DFO NNP O
' POS O
s POS O
contributing VBG O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
hearing NN B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Regular JJ O
audiologic JJ O
evaluation NN O
is VBZ O
imperative JJ O
in IN O
all DT O
thalassemic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
so IN O
that IN O
early JJ O
changes NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
recognized VBN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
may MD O
be VB O
judiciously RB O
adjusted VBN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
prevent VB O
or CC O
reverse VB O
hearing NN B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Individual JJ O
differences NNS O
in IN O
renal JJ O
ACE NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
rats NNS O
predict VBP O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
In IN O
man NN O
, , O
differences NNS O
in IN O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
( , O
ACE NNP O
) -RRB- O
levels NNS O
, , O
related VBN O
to IN O
ACE NNP O
( , O
I NNP O
/ SYM O
D NNP O
) -RRB- O
genotype NN O
, , O
are VBP O
associated VBN O
with IN O
renal JJ O
prognosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
raises VBZ O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
individual JJ O
differences NNS O
in IN O
renal JJ O
ACE NN O
activity NN O
are VBP O
involved VBN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
inflicted VBN O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
we PRP O
studied VBD O
the DT O
predictive JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
ACE NN O
activity NN O
for IN O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Renal JJ O
ACE NNP O
activity NN O
( : O
Hip NNP O
- HYPH O
His PRP$ O
- HYPH O
Leu NNP O
cleavage NN O
by IN O
cortical JJ O
homogenates NNS O
) , O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
renal JJ O
biopsy NN O
in IN O
27 CD O
adult NN O
male JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
1 CD O
week NN O
of IN O
recovery NN O
, , O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
adriamycin NN O
[ -LRB- O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
intravenously RB O
( : O
i LS O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
n CD O
= SYM O
18 CD O
; : O
controls NNS O
, , O
saline NN O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
n NFP O
= SYM O
9 CD O
] -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinuria NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
measured VBN O
every DT O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
sacrificed VBN O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
kidneys NNS O
harvested VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
As IN O
anticipated VBN O
, , O
adriamycin NN O
elicited VBD O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
range NN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
, , O
renal JJ B-Disease
interstitial JJ I-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
and CC O
mild JJ O
focal JJ B-Disease
glomerulosclerosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Baseline NN O
renal JJ O
ACE NN O
positively RB O
correlated VBD O
with IN O
the DT O
relative JJ O
rise NN O
in IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
after IN O
adriamycin NN O
( , O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
62 CD O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
renal JJ O
interstitial JJ O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
smooth JJ O
muscle NN O
actin NN O
( : O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
49 CD O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
interstitial JJ O
macrophage NN O
influx NN O
( , O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
56 CD O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
interstitial JJ O
collagen NN O
III NN O
( : O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
53 CD O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
glomerular JJ O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
smooth JJ O
muscle NN O
actin NN O
( : O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
74 CD O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
glomerular JJ O
desmin NN O
( : O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
48 CD O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Baseline NN O
renal JJ O
ACE NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
correlate VB O
with IN O
focal JJ B-Disease
glomerulosclerosis NN I-Disease
( : O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
22 CD O
, , O
NS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
controls NNS O
, , O
no DT O
predictive JJ O
values NNS O
for IN O
renal JJ O
parameters NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Individual JJ O
differences NNS O
in IN O
renal JJ O
ACE NN O
activity NN O
predict VBP O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
outbred NN O
rat NN O
strain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
supports VBZ O
the DT O
assumption NN O
that IN O
differences NNS O
in IN O
renal JJ O
ACE NN O
activity NN O
predispose VBP O
to IN O
a DT O
less RBR O
favourable JJ O
course NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurrent JJ O
acute JJ O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
azithromycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
14 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
girl NN O
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
with IN O
recurrent JJ O
, , O
azithromycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
, , O
acute JJ O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
second JJ O
episode NN O
was VBD O
more RBR O
severe JJ O
than IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
; : O
and CC O
although IN O
both DT O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
intensive JJ O
corticosteroid NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
renal JJ O
function NN O
remained VBD O
impaired JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
most JJS O
cases NNS O
of IN O
antibiotic JJ O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
are VBP O
benign JJ O
and CC O
self NN O
- HYPH O
limited JJ O
, , O
some DT O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
at IN O
risk NN O
for IN O
permanent JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Spironolactone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
and CC O
hyperkalemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
A DT O
previous JJ O
randomized VBN O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
evaluating VBG O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
spironolactone NN O
in IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
reported VBD O
a DT O
low JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
hyperkalemia NN B-Disease
( : O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
( : O
0 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
treatments NNS O
for IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
have VBP O
changed VBN O
since IN O
the DT O
benefits NNS O
of IN O
spironolactone NN O
were VBD O
reported VBN O
, , O
the DT O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
these DT O
complications NNS O
may MD O
differ VB O
in IN O
current JJ O
clinical JJ O
practice NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
therefore RB O
sought VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
prevalence NN O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
associations NNS O
of IN O
hyperkalemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
in IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
spironolactone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
performed VBD O
a DT O
case NN O
control NN O
study NN O
of IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
spironolactone NN O
in IN O
our PRP$ O
clinical JJ O
practice NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cases NNS O
were VBD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
hyperkalemia NN B-Disease
( HYPH O
K NN O
( , O
+ SYM O
) SYM O
> SYM O
5 CD O
. , O
0 CD O
mEq NNS O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
( , O
Cr NN O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
they PRP O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
to IN O
2 CD O
randomly RB O
selected VBN O
controls NNS O
per IN O
case NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
characteristics NNS O
, , O
medications NNS O
, , O
and CC O
serum JJ O
chemistries NNS O
at IN O
baseline NN O
and CC O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
time NN O
periods NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Sixty CD O
- HYPH O
seven CD O
of IN O
926 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
7 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
required VBD O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
spironolactone NN O
due IN O
to IN O
hyperkalemia NN B-Disease
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
33 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
34 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
hyperkalemia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
older JJR O
and CC O
more RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
have VB O
diabetes NNS B-Disease
, , O
had VBD O
higher JJR O
baseline NN O
serum NN O
potassium NN O
levels NNS O
and CC O
lower JJR O
baseline NN O
potassium NN O
supplement NN O
doses NNS O
, , O
and CC O
were VBD O
more RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blockers NNS O
than IN O
controls NNS O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
134 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
had VBD O
lower JJR O
baseline JJ O
body NN O
weight NN O
and CC O
higher JJR O
baseline NN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
, , O
required VBD O
higher JJR O
doses NNS O
of IN O
loop NN O
diuretics NNS O
, , O
and CC O
were VBD O
more RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
thiazide NN O
diuretics NNS O
than IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Spironolactone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperkalemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
are VBP O
more RBR O
common JJ O
in IN O
our PRP$ O
clinical JJ O
experience NN O
than IN O
reported VBN O
previously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
difference NN O
is VBZ O
explained VBN O
by IN O
patient JJ O
comorbidities NNS O
and CC O
more RBR O
frequent JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blockers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
reserpine NN O
and CC O
subchronic JJ O
haloperidol NN O
treatments NNS O
change VBP O
synaptosomal JJ O
brain NN O
glutamate NN O
uptake NN O
and CC O
elicit VBP O
orofacial JJ B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reserpine NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
orofacial JJ B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
are VBP O
putative JJ O
animal NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
tardive JJ B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
( , O
TD NN B-Disease
) , O
whose WP$ O
pathophysiology NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
related VBN O
to IN O
free JJ O
radical JJ O
generation NN O
and CC O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
the DT O
authors NNS O
induced VBD O
orofacial JJ B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
by IN O
acute JJ O
reserpine NN O
and CC O
subchronic JJ O
haloperidol NN O
administration NN O
to IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reserpine NN O
injection NN O
( : O
one CD O
dose NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
every DT O
other JJ O
day NN O
for IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
caused VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
vacuous JJ O
chewing NN O
, , O
tongue NN O
protrusion NN O
and CC O
duration NN O
of IN O
facial JJ O
twitching NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haloperidol NNP O
administration NN O
( : O
one CD O
dose NN O
of IN O
12 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
once RB O
a DT O
week NN O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
caused VBD O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
vacuous JJ O
chewing NN O
, , O
tongue NN O
protrusion NN O
and CC O
duration NN O
of IN O
facial JJ O
twitching NN O
observed VBN O
in IN O
four CD O
weekly JJ O
evaluations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
the DT O
treatments NNS O
and CC O
behavioral JJ O
observation NN O
, , O
glutamate NN O
uptake NN O
by IN O
segments NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
was VBD O
analyzed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
decreased VBN O
glutamate JJ O
uptake NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
subcortical JJ O
parts NNS O
of IN O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
reserpine NN O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Importantly RB O
, , O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
glutamate NN O
uptake NN O
correlates VBZ O
negatively RB O
with IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
orofacial JJ B-Disease
diskinesia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
early JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
glutamate NN O
transport NN O
may MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
vacuous JJ O
chewing NN O
movements NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ceftriaxone NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
biliary NN B-Disease
pseudolithiasis NN I-Disease
in IN O
paediatric JJ O
surgical JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
well RB O
known VBN O
that IN O
ceftriaxone NN O
leads VBZ O
to IN O
pseudolithiasis NN B-Disease
in IN O
some DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
and CC O
experimental JJ O
studies NNS O
also RB O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
situations NNS O
causing VBG O
gallbladder NN B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
fasting NN O
, , O
may MD O
have VB O
a DT O
role NN O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
pseudolithiasis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
prospectively RB O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
importance NN O
of IN O
pseudolithiasis NN B-Disease
in IN O
paediatric JJ O
surgical JJ O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
ceftriaxone NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
who WP O
often RB O
had VBD O
to TO O
fast VB O
in IN O
the DT O
post NN O
- HYPH O
operative NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifty CD O
children NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
given VBN O
ceftriaxone NN O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
by IN O
serial JJ O
abdominal JJ O
sonograms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
those DT O
, , O
13 CD O
( , O
26 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
biliary JJ O
pathology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
pseudolithiasis NN B-Disease
revealed VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
age NN O
, , O
sex NN O
, , O
duration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
and CC O
starvation NN O
variables NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
, , O
pseudolithiasis NN B-Disease
resolved VBN O
spontaneously RB O
within IN O
a DT O
short JJ O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
pseudolithiasis NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
fasting VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coronary JJ B-Disease
aneurysm NN I-Disease
after IN O
implantation NN O
of IN O
a DT O
paclitaxel NN O
- HYPH O
eluting VBG O
stent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Formation NN O
of IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
aneurysm NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
complication NN O
of IN O
stenting NN O
with IN O
bare JJ O
metal NN O
stents NNS O
, , O
but CC O
based VBN O
on IN O
experimental JJ O
studies NNS O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
eluting VBG O
stents NNS O
may MD O
induce VB O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
vessel NN O
wall NN O
with IN O
incomplete JJ O
stent NN O
apposition NN O
, , O
aneurysm NN B-Disease
formation NN O
and CC O
with IN O
the DT O
potential NN O
of IN O
stent NN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
or CC O
vessel NN B-Disease
rupture NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
43 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
a DT O
coronary JJ B-Disease
aneurysm NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
coronary JJ O
artery NN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
receiving VBG O
a DT O
paclitaxel NN O
- HYPH O
eluting VBG O
stent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
asymptomatic JJ O
and CC O
the DT O
aneurysm NN B-Disease
was VBD O
detected VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
routine JJ O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angiography NN O
and CC O
intracoronary JJ O
ultrasound NN O
demonstrated VBD O
lack NN O
of IN O
contact NN O
between IN O
stent NN O
and CC O
vessel NN O
wall NN O
in IN O
a DT O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
mm NN O
long JJ O
segment NN O
with IN O
maximal JJ O
aneurysm NN B-Disease
diameter NN O
of IN O
6 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mm NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
successfully RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
graft NN O
stent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Causes NNS O
of IN O
acute JJ O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
kidney NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
Thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
well RB O
- HYPH O
known VBN O
problem NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
following VBG O
renal JJ O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
postrenal JJ O
transplantation NN O
, , O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
often RB O
a DT O
reflection NN O
of IN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
uremic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
aimed VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
causes NNS O
of IN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
population NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
transplantation NN O
recipients NNS O
and CC O
discuss VB O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIALS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
causes NNS O
of IN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
during IN O
a DT O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
period NN O
, , O
from IN O
June NNP O
2003 CD O
to IN O
June NNP O
2004 CD O
, , O
at IN O
the DT O
King NNP O
Fahad NNP O
National NNP O
Guard NNP O
Hospital NNP O
in IN O
Riyadh NNP O
, , O
Saudi NNP O
Arabia NNP O
, , O
by IN O
reviewing VBG O
the DT O
slides NNS O
of IN O
all DT O
transplant NN O
biopsies NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
25 CD O
) -RRB- O
performed VBN O
during IN O
this DT O
interval NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pre NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
posttransplant NN O
crossmatching NN O
was VBD O
done VBN O
when WRB O
possible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Five CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
were VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
of IN O
these DT O
cases NNS O
were VBD O
from IN O
the DT O
25 CD O
transplantations NNS O
performed VBN O
at IN O
King NNP O
Fahad NNP O
National NNP O
Guard NNP O
Hospital NNP O
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
2 CD O
transplantations NNS O
had VBD O
been VBN O
performed VBN O
abroad RB O
and CC O
were VBD O
referred VBN O
to IN O
us PRP O
for IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
cases NNS O
were VBD O
related VBN O
to IN O
cyclosporine NN O
, , O
and CC O
1 CD O
case NN O
was VBD O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
both CC O
cyclosporine NN O
and CC O
tacrolimus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
fifth JJ O
case NN O
had VBD O
features NNS O
of IN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
an DT O
antiphospholipid JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
systemic JJ B-Disease
lupus NN I-Disease
erythematosus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
, , O
the DT O
most RBS O
- HYPH O
frequent JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
uremic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
following VBG O
renal JJ O
transplantation NN O
is VBZ O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
uremic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Other JJ O
causes NNS O
include VBP O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
( , O
cyclosporine NN O
, , O
tacrolimus NN O
) , O
toxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
procoagulant JJ O
status NN O
, , O
and CC O
antibody NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
rejection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
- HYPH O
frequent JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
was VBD O
drug NN O
related VBN O
, , O
secondary JJ O
mainly RB O
to IN O
cyclosporine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
current JJ O
study NN O
, , O
the DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
was VBD O
similar JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
percentage NN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
( : O
20 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
developmental JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
selective JJ O
and CC O
non NN O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
cyclooxygenase NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
inhibitors NNS O
in IN O
CRL NNP O
: : O
( : O
WI NNP O
) -RRB- O
WUBR NNP O
Wistar NNP O
rats VBZ O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
DFU NN O
and CC O
piroxicam NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Cyclooxygenase NN O
( -LRB- O
COX NN O
) -RRB- O
inhibitors NNS O
are VBP O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
often RB O
ingested VBN O
drugs NNS O
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Unlike IN O
general JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
data NNS O
, , O
their PRP$ O
prenatal JJ O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
extensively RB O
studied VBN O
before RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
experiment NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
developmental JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
non NN O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
( , O
piroxicam NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
selective JJ O
( , O
DFU NNP O
; : O
5 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
dimethyl NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorophenyl NN O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
methylsulphonyl NN O
) -RRB- O
phenyl NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
( SYM O
5H CD O
) NN O
- HYPH O
furanon NN O
) , O
COX NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
inhibitors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Drugs NNS O
were VBD O
separately RB O
, , O
orally RB O
once RB O
daily RB O
dosed VBN O
to IN O
pregnant JJ O
rats NNS O
from IN O
day NN O
8 CD O
to IN O
21 CD O
( SYM O
GD1 NNP O
= HYPH O
plug NN O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doses NNS O
were VBD O
set VBN O
at IN O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
and CC O
30 CD O
. . O
0mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
for IN O
piroxicam NN O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
and CC O
20 CD O
. . O
0mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
for IN O
DFU NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fetuses NNS O
were VBD O
delivered VBN O
on IN O
GD NNP O
21 CD O
and CC O
routinely RB O
examined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comprehensive JJ O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
developmental JJ O
measurements NNS O
were VBD O
done VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pooled VBN O
statistical JJ O
analysis NN O
for IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
septal NN I-Disease
( -LRB- I-Disease
VSD NNP I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
midline NN I-Disease
( -LRB- I-Disease
MD NNP I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
was VBD O
performed VBN O
for IN O
rat NN O
fetuses NNS O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
piroxicam NN O
, , O
selective JJ O
and CC O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
COX NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
inhibitor NN O
based VBN O
on IN O
present JJ O
and CC O
historic JJ O
data NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Maternal JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
intrauterine JJ B-Disease
growth NN I-Disease
retardation NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
increase NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
external JJ I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
skeletal JJ I-Disease
variations NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
highest JJS O
dose NN O
of IN O
piroxicam NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Decrease NN O
of IN O
fetal JJ O
length NN O
was VBD O
the DT O
only JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
DFU NNP O
developmental JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
observed VBN O
in IN O
pups NNS O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
highest JJS O
compound NN O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lack NN O
of IN O
teratogenicity NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
piroxicam NN O
and CC O
DFU NNP O
- HYPH O
exposed VBN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prenatal JJ O
exposure NN O
to IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
COX NN O
inhibitors NNS O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
VSD NNP O
and CC O
MD NN O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
to IN O
historic JJ O
control NN O
but CC O
not RB O
with IN O
selective JJ O
COX NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
inhibitors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Both CC O
selective JJ O
and CC O
non RB O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
COX NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
inhibitors NNS O
were VBD O
toxic JJ O
for IN O
rats NNS O
fetuses NNS O
when WRB O
administered VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
highest JJS O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Unlike IN O
DFU NNP O
, , O
piroxicam NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
highly RB O
toxic JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
dams NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prenatal JJ O
exposure NN O
to IN O
selective JJ O
COX NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
inhibitors NNS O
does VBZ O
not RB O
increase VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
septal NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
midline NN I-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
in IN O
rat NN O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
to IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
historic JJ O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lone JJ O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
creatine JJ O
monohydrate NN O
supplementation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
in IN O
young JJ O
patients NNS O
without IN O
structural JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
rare JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
when WRB O
the DT O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
present JJ O
in IN O
this DT O
population NN O
, , O
reversible JJ O
causes NNS O
must MD O
be VB O
identified VBN O
and CC O
resolved VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thyroid NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
, , O
illicit JJ O
drug NN O
or CC O
stimulant JJ O
use NN O
, , O
and CC O
acute JJ B-Disease
alcohol NN I-Disease
intoxication NN I-Disease
are VBP O
among IN O
these DT O
causes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
Caucasian JJ O
man NN O
who WP O
came VBD O
to IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
department NN O
in IN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
with IN O
rapid JJ O
ventricular JJ O
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
His PRP$ O
medical JJ O
history NN O
was VBD O
unremarkable JJ O
, , O
except IN O
for IN O
minor JJ O
fractures NNS B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
fingers NNS O
and CC O
foot NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thyroid NN O
- HYPH O
stimulating VBG O
hormone NN O
, , O
magnesium NN O
, , O
and CC O
potassium NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
within IN O
normal JJ O
limits NNS O
, , O
urine NN O
drug NN O
screen NN O
was VBD O
negative JJ O
, , O
and CC O
alcohol NN O
use NN O
was VBD O
denied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
when WRB O
the DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
questioned VBN O
about IN O
use NN O
of IN O
herbal JJ O
products NNS O
and CC O
supplements NNS O
, , O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
creatine JJ O
monohydrate NN O
was VBD O
revealed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
admitted VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
hospital NN O
, , O
anticoagulated VBN O
with IN O
unfractionated JJ O
heparin NN O
, , O
and CC O
given VBN O
intravenous JJ O
diltiazem NN O
for IN O
rate NN O
control NN O
and CC O
intravenous JJ O
amiodarone NN O
for IN O
rate NN O
and CC O
rhythm NN O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
discharged VBN O
less JJR O
than IN O
24 CD O
hours NNS O
later RB O
, , O
he PRP O
was VBD O
receiving VBG O
metoprolol NN O
and CC O
aspirin NN O
, , O
with IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
plans NNS O
for IN O
echocardiography NN O
and CC O
nuclear JJ O
imaging NN O
to TO O
assess VB O
perfusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Exogenous JJ O
creatine NN O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
by IN O
athletes NNS O
to TO O
theoretically RB O
improve VB O
exercise NN O
performance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vegetarians NNS O
may MD O
also RB O
take VB O
creatine NN O
to TO O
replace VB O
what WP O
they PRP O
are VBP O
not RB O
consuming VBG O
from IN O
meat NN O
, , O
fish NN O
, , O
and CC O
other JJ O
animal NN O
products NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
anecdotal JJ O
reports NNS O
have VBP O
linked VBN O
creatine JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinicians NNS O
must MD O
be VB O
diligent JJ O
when WRB O
interviewing VBG O
patients NNS O
about IN O
their PRP$ O
drug NN O
therapy NN O
histories NNS O
and CC O
include VBP O
questions NNS O
about IN O
their PRP$ O
use NN O
of IN O
herbal JJ O
products NNS O
and CC O
dietary JJ O
supplements NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
important JJ O
to TO O
report VB O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
frequently RB O
consumed VBN O
supplements NNS O
and CC O
herbal JJ O
products NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
Food NNP O
and CC O
Drug NNP O
Administration NNP O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizures NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
cocaine NN O
metabolite NN O
benzoylecgonine NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
half JJ O
- HYPH O
life NN O
( : O
t1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
is VBZ O
relatively RB O
short JJ O
, , O
but CC O
some DT O
of IN O
the DT O
consequences NNS O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
use NN O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
strokes NNS B-Disease
, , O
can MD O
occur VB O
hours NNS O
after IN O
exposure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
led VBD O
us PRP O
to TO O
hypothesize VB O
that IN O
a DT O
metabolite NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
may MD O
be VB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
some DT O
of IN O
those DT O
delayed VBN O
sequelae NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
potential NN O
of IN O
the DT O
major JJ O
metabolite NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
, , O
benzoylecgonine NN O
( , O
BE NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
to TO O
cause VB O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
separate JJ O
equimolar JJ O
doses NNS O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
mumol NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
either CC O
cocaine NN O
or CC O
BE NNP O
were VBD O
injected VBN O
ventricularly RB O
in IN O
unanesthetized JJ O
juvenile JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treated VBN O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
then RB O
evaluated VBN O
for IN O
incidence NN O
, , O
latency NN O
, , O
and CC O
seizure NN B-Disease
pattern NN O
or CC O
for IN O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
without IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BE NNP O
- HYPH O
Induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
occurred VBD O
more RBR O
frequently RB O
and CC O
had VBD O
significantly RB O
longer JJR O
latencies NNS O
than IN O
those DT O
induced VBN O
by IN O
equimolar JJ O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whereas IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
best RBS O
characterized VBN O
as IN O
brief JJ O
, , O
generalized JJ O
, , O
and CC O
tonic JJ O
and CC O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
death NN B-Disease
, , O
those DT O
induced VBN O
by IN O
BE NNP O
were VBD O
prolonged VBN O
, , O
often RB O
multiple JJ O
and CC O
mixed JJ O
in IN O
type NN O
, , O
and CC O
rarely RB O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
death NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electrical JJ O
recordings NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
rhythmic JJ O
progression NN O
in IN O
EEG NNP O
frequency NN O
and CC O
voltage NN O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
seizure NN B-Disease
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BE NNP O
- HYPH O
Injected VBN O
rats NNS O
that WDT O
did VBD O
not RB O
have VB O
seizures NNS B-Disease
had VBD O
significantly RB O
more JJR O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
than IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
injected VBN O
animals NNS O
without IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
finding NN O
that IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
BE NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
differ VBP O
in IN O
several JJ O
respects NNS O
suggests VBZ O
more JJR O
than IN O
one CD O
mechanism NN O
for IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
emphasizes VBZ O
the DT O
importance NN O
of IN O
a DT O
cocaine NN O
metabolite NN O
, , O
BE VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
selective JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT6 NN O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
Ro4368554 NN O
restores VBZ O
memory NN O
performance NN O
in IN O
cholinergic JJ O
and CC O
serotonergic JJ O
models NNS O
of IN O
memory NN B-Disease
deficiency NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antagonists NNS O
at IN O
serotonin NN O
type NN O
6 CD O
( SYM O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
( SYM O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
) , O
receptors NNS O
show VBP O
activity NN O
in IN O
models NNS O
of IN O
learning NN O
and CC O
memory NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
underlying VBG O
mechanism NN O
( , O
s VBZ O
) -RRB- O
are VBP O
not RB O
well RB O
understood VBN O
, , O
these DT O
effects NNS O
may MD O
involve VB O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
acetylcholine NN O
( , O
ACh NNP O
) -RRB- O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
sought VBD O
to TO O
characterize VB O
the DT O
cognitive JJ O
- HYPH O
enhancing VBG O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NNP O
( SYM O
6 CD O
) SYM O
antagonist NN O
Ro4368554 CD O
( SYM O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
benzenesulfonyl NN O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
( HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
piperazin NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
yl NN O
) -RRB- O
1H NN O
- HYPH O
indole NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
a DT O
rat NN O
object NN O
recognition NN O
task NN O
employing VBG O
a DT O
cholinergic NN O
( , O
scopolamine NN O
pretreatment NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
serotonergic NN O
- HYPH O
( , O
tryptophan NN O
( -LRB- O
TRP NN O
) -RRB- O
depletion NN O
) -RRB- O
deficient JJ O
model NN O
, , O
and CC O
compared VBD O
its PRP$ O
pattern NN O
of IN O
action NN O
with IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
acetylcholinesterase NN O
inhibitor NN O
metrifonate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Initial JJ O
testing NN O
in IN O
a DT O
time NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
forgetting NN O
task NN O
employing VBG O
a DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
delay NN O
between IN O
training NN O
and CC O
testing NN O
showed VBD O
that IN O
metrifonate NN O
improved VBN O
object NN O
recognition NN O
( , O
at IN O
10 CD O
and CC O
30 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
p NN O
. . O
o LS O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
whereas IN O
Ro4368554 NN O
was VBD O
inactive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
, , O
Ro4368554 CD O
( , O
3 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
intraperitoneally RB O
( , O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
) , O
and CC O
metrifonate NN O
( , O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
p NN O
. . O
o LS O
. . O
, , O
respectively RB O
) , O
reversed VBD O
memory NN B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
and CC O
TRP NN O
depletion NN O
( : O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
, , O
and CC O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
p UH O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
although IN O
Ro4368554 NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
improve VB O
a DT O
time NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
retention NN O
deficit NN O
, , O
it PRP O
reversed VBD O
a DT O
cholinergic NN O
and CC O
a DT O
serotonergic JJ O
memory NN B-Disease
deficit NN I-Disease
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
both DT O
mechanisms NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
facilitation NN O
of IN O
object NN O
memory NN O
by IN O
Ro4368554 NNP O
and CC O
, , O
possibly RB O
, , O
other JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NNP O
( SYM O
6 CD O
) SYM O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Evaluation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
anticocaine JJ O
monoclonal JJ O
antibody NN O
GNC92H2 NNP O
as IN O
an DT O
immunotherapy NN O
for IN O
cocaine NN B-Disease
overdose NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
illicit JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
continues VBZ O
in IN O
epidemic JJ O
proportions NNS O
and CC O
treatment NN O
for IN O
cocaine NN B-Disease
overdose NN I-Disease
remains VBZ O
elusive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Current JJ O
protein NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
technology NN O
offers VBZ O
a DT O
new JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
venue NN O
by IN O
which WDT O
antibodies NNS O
bind VBP O
the DT O
drug NN O
in IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
stream NN O
, , O
inactivating VBG O
its PRP$ O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
therapeutic JJ O
potential NN O
of IN O
the DT O
anticocaine NN O
antibody NN O
GNC92H2 NNP O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
model NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN B-Disease
overdose NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Swiss JJ O
albino NN O
mice NN O
prepared VBN O
with IN O
intrajugular JJ O
catheters NNS O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
in IN O
photocell NN O
cages NNS O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
93 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
( SYM O
LD50 CD O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
GNC92H2 NNP O
infusions NNS O
ranging VBG O
from IN O
30 CD O
to IN O
190 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
GNC92H2 NNP O
was VBD O
delivered VBN O
30 CD O
min NN O
before RB O
, , O
concomitantly RB O
or CC O
3 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
cocaine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Significant JJ O
blockade NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
higher JJR O
dose NN O
of IN O
GNC92H2 NNP O
( SYM O
190 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
where WRB O
premorbid JJ O
behaviors NNS O
were VBD O
reduced VBN O
up IN O
to IN O
40 CD O
% NN O
, , O
seizures NNS B-Disease
up RB O
to IN O
77 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
death NN B-Disease
by IN O
72 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Importantly RB O
, , O
GNC92H2 NNP O
prevented VBD O
death NN B-Disease
even RB O
post NN O
- HYPH O
cocaine NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
support VBP O
the DT O
important JJ O
potential NN O
of IN O
GNC92H2 NNP O
as IN O
a DT O
therapeutic JJ O
tool NN O
against IN O
cocaine NN B-Disease
overdose NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electrocardiographic JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
psychiatrically RB O
hospitalized VBN O
cocaine NN O
abusers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
electrocardiograms NNS O
( -LRB- O
ECG NNP O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
99 CD O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
abusing VBG O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
ECGs NNPS O
of IN O
50 CD O
schizophrenic JJ B-Disease
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eleven CD O
of IN O
the DT O
cocaine NN O
abusers NNS O
and CC O
none NN O
of IN O
the DT O
controls NNS O
had VBD O
ECG NNP O
evidence NN O
of IN O
significant JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
defined VBN O
as IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
, , O
ischemia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
bundle NN B-Disease
branch NN I-Disease
block NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
urotensin NN O
- HYPH O
II NNP O
centrally RB O
administered VBN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urotensin NNP O
- HYPH O
II NNP O
( , O
U NNP O
- HYPH O
II NNP O
) -RRB- O
receptors NNS O
are VBP O
widely RB O
distributed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracerebroventricular JJ O
( : O
i LS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
injection NN O
of IN O
U NN O
- HYPH O
II NN O
causes VBZ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
and CC O
stimulates VBZ O
prolactin NN O
and CC O
thyrotropin NN O
secretion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
centrally RB O
administered VBN O
U NNP O
- HYPH O
II NNP O
have VBP O
received VBN O
little JJ O
attention NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
tested VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
i PRP O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
injections NNS O
of IN O
U NN O
- HYPH O
II NN O
on IN O
behavioral JJ O
, , O
metabolic JJ O
, , O
and CC O
endocrine JJ O
responses NNS O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
graded VBN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
U NNP O
- HYPH O
II NNP O
( : O
1 CD O
- SYM O
10 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
mouse NN O
) -RRB- O
provoked VBN O
: : O
( : O
1 CD O
) SYM O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
head NN O
dips NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
hole NN O
- HYPH O
board NN O
test NN O
; : O
( : O
2 CD O
) SYM O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
entries NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
white JJ O
chamber NN O
in IN O
the DT O
black JJ O
- HYPH O
and CC O
- HYPH O
white JJ O
compartment NN O
test NN O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
entries NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
platform NN O
and CC O
open JJ O
arms NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
plus JJ O
- HYPH O
maze NN O
test NN O
; : O
and CC O
( , O
3 CD O
) SYM O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
immobility NN O
in IN O
the DT O
forced JJ O
- HYPH O
swimming NN O
test NN O
and CC O
tail NN O
suspension NN O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracerebroventricular JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
U NNP O
- HYPH O
II NNP O
also RB O
caused VBD O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
: : O
food NN O
intake NN O
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
100 CD O
and CC O
1 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
mouse NN O
, , O
water NN O
intake NN O
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
100 CD O
- SYM O
10 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
mouse NN O
, , O
and CC O
horizontal JJ O
locomotion NN O
activity NN O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
mouse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whatever WDT O
was VBD O
the DT O
dose NN O
, , O
the DT O
central JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
U NNP O
- HYPH O
II NNP O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
body NN O
temperature NN O
, , O
nociception NN O
, , O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
penile NN B-Disease
erection NN I-Disease
and CC O
climbing NN O
behavior NN O
, , O
and CC O
stress NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
plasma NN O
corticosterone NN O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Taken VBN O
together RB O
, , O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
demonstrates VBZ O
that IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
U NNP O
- HYPH O
II NNP O
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
1 CD O
- SYM O
10 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
mouse NN O
induces VBZ O
anxiogenic JJ O
- HYPH O
and CC O
depressant NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
effects NNS O
in IN O
mouse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
U NNP O
- HYPH O
II NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
some DT O
aspects NNS O
of IN O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Learning VBG O
of IN O
rats NNS O
under IN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
pentobarbital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dissociated VBN O
learning NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
state NN O
and CC O
the DT O
state NN O
of IN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
pentobarbital NN O
( : O
15 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
carried VBN O
out RP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
were VBD O
trained VBN O
to TO O
approach VB O
a DT O
shelf NN O
where WRB O
they PRP O
received VBD O
food NN O
reinforcement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Group NNP O
1 CD O
the DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
trained VBN O
under IN O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
pentobarbital NN O
to TO O
run VB O
to IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
shelf NN O
as IN O
in IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
state NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Group NNP O
2 CD O
the DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
trained VBN O
to TO O
approach VB O
different JJ O
shelves NNS O
in IN O
different JJ O
drug NN O
states NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
shown VBN O
that IN O
memory NN B-Disease
dissociation NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Differences NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
parameters NNS O
of IN O
training NN O
under IN O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
pentobarbital NN O
between IN O
Groups NNP O
1 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
were VBD O
revealed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
- HYPH O
dissociated VBN O
state NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
pentobarbital NN O
is VBZ O
formed VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
participation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
information NN O
perception NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
raloxifene NN O
therapy NN O
on IN O
fibrinolysis NN O
markers NNS O
: : O
TAFI NNP O
, , O
tPA NNP O
, , O
and CC O
PAI NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Markers NNS O
of IN O
fibrinolysis NN O
, , O
thrombin NN O
- HYPH O
activatable JJ O
fibrinolysis NN O
inhibitor NN O
( , O
TAFI NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
tissue NN O
- HYPH O
type NN O
plasminogen NN O
activator NN O
( , O
tPA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
plasminogen NN O
activator NN O
inhibitor NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
( -LRB- O
PAI NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
raloxifene NN O
administration NN O
in IN O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
nine CD O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
with IN O
osteopenia NN B-Disease
or CC O
osteoporosis NN B-Disease
were VBD O
included VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
prospective JJ O
, , O
controlled VBN O
clinical JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
women NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
raloxifene NN O
hydrochloride NN O
( : O
60 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
plus CC O
calcium NN O
( , O
500 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Age NN O
- HYPH O
matched VBN O
controls NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
14 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
given VBN O
only RB O
calcium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NNP O
TAFI NNP O
, , O
tPA NNP O
, , O
and CC O
PAI NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
antigen NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
and CC O
after IN O
3 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
by IN O
commercially RB O
available JJ O
ELISA NNP O
kits NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Variations NNS O
of IN O
individuals NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
Wilcoxon NNP O
' POS O
s NNS O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Relationship NN O
between IN O
those DT O
markers NNS O
and CC O
demographic JJ O
characteristics NNS O
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Three CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
raloxifene NN O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
TAFI NNP O
antigen NN O
concentrations NNS O
( : O
16 CD O
% NN O
change NN O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
tPA NN O
antigen NN O
concentrations NNS O
( : O
25 CD O
% NN O
change NN O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
significant JJ O
correlation NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
between IN O
baseline NN O
TAFI NNP O
antigen NN O
concentrations NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
amenorrhea NN B-Disease
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
; : O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
33 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
We PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
raloxifene NN O
treatment NN O
may MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
increased VBN O
tPA NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
TAFI NNP O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Valproate NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Valproate NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
syndrome NN O
that WDT O
may MD O
manifest VB O
in IN O
otherwise RB O
normal JJ O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
individuals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
may MD O
even RB O
present VB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
tolerated VBN O
this DT O
medicine NN O
well RB O
in IN O
the DT O
past NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
usually RB O
but CC O
not RB O
necessarily RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
hyperammonemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
EEG NNP O
shows VBZ O
characteristic JJ O
triphasic JJ O
waves NNS O
in IN O
most JJS O
patients NNS O
with IN O
this DT O
complication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
valproate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
problems NNS O
in IN O
diagnosing VBG O
this DT O
condition NN O
are VBP O
subsequently RB O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurrent JJ O
dysphonia NN B-Disease
and CC O
acitretin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
woman NN O
complaining VBG O
of IN O
dysphonia NN B-Disease
while IN O
she PRP O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
by IN O
acitretin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
symptoms NNS O
totally RB O
regressed VBD O
after IN O
drug NN O
withdrawal NN O
and CC O
reappeared VBD O
when WRB O
acitretin NN O
was VBD O
reintroduced VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
our PRP$ O
knowledge NN O
, , O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
acitretin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dysphonia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
effect NN O
may MD O
be VB O
related JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
pharmacological JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
on IN O
mucous JJ O
membranes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nitro NNP O
- HYPH O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine JJ O
methyl NN O
ester NN O
: : O
a DT O
potential JJ O
protector NN O
against IN O
gentamicin JJ O
ototoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
( -LRB- O
NO NN O
) , O
inhibitor NN O
nitro NN O
- HYPH O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
methyl NN O
ester NN O
( -LRB- O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
NAME NNP O
) -RRB- O
may MD O
act VB O
as IN O
an DT O
otoprotectant NN O
against IN O
high JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
frequency NN I-Disease
hearing NN I-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
gentamicin NN O
, , O
but CC O
further JJ O
studies NNS O
are VBP O
needed VBN O
to TO O
confirm VB O
this DT O
. , O
Aminoglycoside NN O
antibiotics NNS O
are VBP O
still RB O
widely RB O
used VBN O
by IN O
virtue NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
low JJ O
cost NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Their PRP$ O
ototoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
serious JJ O
health NN O
problem NN O
and CC O
, , O
as IN O
their PRP$ O
ototoxic JJ B-Disease
mechanism NN O
involves VBZ O
the DT O
production NN O
of IN O
NO NN O
, , O
we PRP O
need VBP O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
NO NNP O
inhibitors NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
aminoglycoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sensorineural JJ B-Disease
hearing NN I-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
experimental JJ O
study NN O
we PRP O
used VBD O
30 CD O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
, , O
27 CD O
of IN O
which WDT O
had VBD O
gentamicin NN O
instilled VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
middle JJ O
ear NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
otoprotectant NN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
NAME NNP O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
topically RB O
to IN O
12 CD O
/ SYM O
27 CD O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Its PRP$ O
effect NN O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
attenuation NN O
of IN O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
, , O
measured VBN O
by IN O
shifts NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
auditory JJ O
brainstem NN O
response NN O
threshold NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
L NNP O
- HYPH O
NAME NNP O
reduced VBD O
gentamicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
frequency NN O
range NN O
, , O
but CC O
gave VBD O
no DT O
protection NN O
in IN O
the DT O
middle JJ O
or CC O
low JJ O
frequencies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Safety NN O
profile NN O
of IN O
a DT O
nicotine NN O
lozenge NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
that DT O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
gum NN O
in IN O
adult NN O
smokers NNS O
with IN O
underlying JJ O
medical JJ O
conditions NNS O
: : O
a DT O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
open JJ O
- HYPH O
label NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Nicotine JJ O
polacrilex NN O
lozenges NNS O
deliver VBP O
25 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
27 CD O
% NN O
more JJR O
nicotine NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
equivalent JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
polacrilex NN O
gum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
increased VBN O
nicotine NN O
exposure NN O
from IN O
the DT O
lozenge NN O
has VBZ O
raised VBN O
questions NNS O
about IN O
the DT O
relative JJ O
safety NN O
of IN O
the DT O
lozenge NN O
and CC O
gum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
objective NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
compare VB O
the DT O
safety NN O
profiles NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
nicotine NN O
lozenge NN O
and CC O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
nicotine NN O
gum NN O
in IN O
smokers NNS O
with IN O
selected VBN O
label NN O
- HYPH O
restricted VBN O
diseases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
was VBD O
a DT O
multicenter JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
open JJ O
- HYPH O
label NN O
study NN O
in IN O
adult NN O
smokers NNS O
with IN O
heart NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
hypertension NN B-Disease
not RB O
controlled VBN O
by IN O
medication NN O
, , O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
diabetes NN B-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
1 CD O
: SYM O
1 CD O
ratio NN O
to TO O
receive VB O
the DT O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
nicotine NN O
lozenge NN O
or CC O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
nicotine NN O
gum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Safety NN O
assessments NNS O
were VBD O
made VBN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
and CC O
at IN O
2 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
, , O
6 CD O
, , O
and CC O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
start NN O
of IN O
product NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Nine CD O
hundred CD O
one CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
447 CD O
who WP O
received VBD O
the DT O
lozenge NN O
and CC O
454 CD O
who WP O
received VBD O
the DT O
gum NN O
( HYPH O
safety NN O
population NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
majority NN O
were VBD O
women NNS O
( : O
52 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
' POS O
mean JJ O
age NN O
was VBD O
53 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
their PRP$ O
mean JJ O
weight NN O
was VBD O
193 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
pounds NNS O
, , O
and CC O
they PRP O
smoked VBD O
a DT O
mean NN O
of IN O
25 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
cigarettes NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
hundred CD O
fifty CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
264 CD O
taking VBG O
the DT O
lozenge NN O
and CC O
289 CD O
taking VBG O
the DT O
gum NN O
, , O
used VBD O
the DT O
study NN O
product NN O
for IN O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
4 CD O
days NNS O
per IN O
week NN O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
( , O
evaluable JJ O
population NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
nicotine NN O
lozenge NN O
and CC O
nicotine NN O
gum NN O
were VBD O
equally RB O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
, , O
despite IN O
increased VBN O
nicotine NN O
exposure NN O
from IN O
the DT O
lozenge NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
2 CD O
groups NNS O
was VBD O
similar JJ O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
product NN O
use NN O
( , O
evaluation NN O
population NN O
: : O
55 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
lozenge NN O
, , O
54 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
gum NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
during IN O
the DT O
entire JJ O
study NN O
( , O
safety NN O
population NN O
: : O
63 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
58 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Stratification NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
by IN O
sex NN O
, , O
age NN O
, , O
extent NN O
of IN O
concurrent JJ O
smoking NN O
, , O
extent NN O
of IN O
product NN O
use NN O
, , O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
revealed VBD O
no DT O
clinically RB O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
lozenge NN O
and CC O
gum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
were VBD O
nausea NN B-Disease
( : O
17 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
16 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
to TO O
6 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
( : O
10 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
6 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
to TO O
7 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
headache NN B-Disease
( : O
8 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
9 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
Cl NN O
, , O
- : O
5 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
to TO O
2 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serious JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
were VBD O
reported VBN O
in IN O
11 CD O
and CC O
13 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
respective JJ O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fewer JJR O
than IN O
6 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
either DT O
group NN O
were VBD O
considered VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
investigator NN O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
worsening NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
overall JJ O
disease NN O
condition NN O
during IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
majority NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
( : O
> SYM O
60 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
experienced VBD O
no DT O
change NN O
in IN O
their PRP$ O
disease NN O
status NN O
from IN O
baseline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
mg JJ O
nicotine NN O
lozenge NN O
and CC O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
nicotine NN O
gum NN O
had VBD O
comparable JJ O
safety NN O
profiles NNS O
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
label NN O
- HYPH O
restricted VBN O
medical JJ O
conditions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pharmacological JJ O
modulation NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
related VBN O
brain NN O
activity NN O
during IN O
normal JJ O
and CC O
central JJ O
sensitization NN O
states NNS O
in IN O
humans NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Abnormal JJ O
processing NN O
of IN O
somatosensory NN O
inputs NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
( , O
central JJ O
sensitization NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
accounting VBG O
for IN O
the DT O
enhanced VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
sensitivity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
skin NN O
surrounding VBG O
tissue NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
( , O
secondary JJ B-Disease
hyperalgesia NN I-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Secondary JJ B-Disease
hyperalgesia NN I-Disease
shares VBZ O
clinical JJ O
characteristics NNS O
with IN O
neurogenic JJ B-Disease
hyperalgesia NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Abnormal JJ O
brain NN O
responses NNS O
to IN O
somatosensory JJ O
stimuli NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
found VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
in IN O
normal JJ O
subjects NNS O
during IN O
experimental JJ O
central JJ O
sensitization NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
gabapentin NN O
, , O
a DT O
drug NN O
effective JJ O
in IN O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
on IN O
brain NN O
processing NN O
of IN O
nociceptive JJ O
information NN O
in IN O
normal JJ O
and CC O
central JJ O
sensitization NN O
states NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
functional JJ O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
( -LRB- O
fMRI NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
normal JJ O
volunteers NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
studied VBD O
the DT O
gabapentin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
modulation NN O
of IN O
brain NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
nociceptive JJ O
mechanical JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
skin NN O
and CC O
capsaicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
secondary JJ B-Disease
hyperalgesia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
gabapentin NN O
was VBD O
1 CD O
, , O
800 CD O
mg NNS O
per IN O
os NNS O
, , O
in IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
( , O
i PRP O
) -RRB- O
gabapentin NN O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
activations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
bilateral JJ O
operculoinsular JJ O
cortex NN O
, , O
independently RB O
of IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
central JJ O
sensitization NN O
; , O
( , O
ii FW O
) , O
gabapentin NN O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
activation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
brainstem NN O
, , O
only RB O
during IN O
central JJ O
sensitization NN O
; : O
( , O
iii FW O
) -RRB- O
gabapentin NN O
suppressed VBN O
stimulus NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
deactivations NNS O
, , O
only RB O
during IN O
central JJ O
sensitization NN O
; : O
this DT O
effect NN O
was VBD O
more RBR O
robust JJ O
than IN O
the DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
brain NN O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
observed VBN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
due JJ O
to IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
baseline NN O
fMRI NNP O
signal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
gabapentin NN O
has VBZ O
a DT O
measurable JJ O
antinociceptive JJ O
effect NN O
and CC O
a DT O
stronger JJR O
antihyperalgesic JJ O
effect NN O
most RBS O
evident JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
areas NNS O
undergoing VBG O
deactivation NN O
, , O
thus RB O
supporting VBG O
the DT O
concept NN O
that IN O
gabapentin NN O
is VBZ O
more RBR O
effective JJ O
in IN O
modulating VBG O
nociceptive JJ O
transmission NN O
when WRB O
central JJ O
sensitization NN O
is VBZ O
present JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Investigation NN O
of IN O
mitochondrial JJ O
involvement NN O
in IN O
the DT O
experimental JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
pilocarpine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
several JJ O
aspects NNS O
of IN O
epileptogenesis NN O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
energy NN O
generation NN O
, , O
control NN O
of IN O
cell NN O
death NN B-Disease
, , O
neurotransmitter NN O
synthesis NN O
, , O
and CC O
free JJ O
radical JJ O
( , O
FR NNP O
) -RRB- O
production NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased VBN O
production NN O
of IN O
FRs NNP O
may MD O
cause VB O
mtDNA NNP O
damage NN O
leading VBG O
to IN O
decreased VBN O
activities NNS O
of IN O
oxidative JJ O
phosphorylation NN O
complexes NNS O
containing VBG O
mtDNA NNP O
- HYPH O
encoded VBN O
subunits NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
whether IN O
increased VBN O
generation NN O
of IN O
FR NN O
during IN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
would MD O
be VB O
sufficient JJ O
to TO O
provoke VB O
abnormalities NNS O
in IN O
mtDNA NN O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
expression NN O
and CC O
activity NN O
of IN O
cytochrome NN O
c NN O
oxidase NN O
( -LRB- O
CCO NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
complex JJ O
IV NN O
of IN O
the DT O
respiratory JJ O
chain NN O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
chronic JJ O
phase NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pilocarpine NN O
model NN O
of IN O
temporal JJ B-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
DNA NNP O
analysis NN O
revealed VBD O
low JJ O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
4 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
kb NN O
mtDNA NN O
deletion NN O
but CC O
with IN O
no DT O
differences NNS O
in IN O
frequency NN O
or CC O
quantity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
and CC O
experimental JJ O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
did VBD O
not RB O
find VB O
abnormalities NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
expression NN O
and CC O
distribution NN O
of IN O
an DT O
mtDNA NNP O
- HYPH O
encoded VBN O
subunit NN O
of IN O
CCO NNP O
( , O
CCO NNP O
- HYPH O
I NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
a DT O
relative JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
CCO NNP O
- HYPH O
I NNP O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
with IN O
nuclear NN O
- HYPH O
encoded VBN O
subunits NNS O
( , O
CCO NNP O
- HYPH O
IV NNP O
and CC O
SDH NNP O
- HYPH O
fp NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
abnormality NN O
in IN O
CCO NNP O
activity NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
through IN O
histochemistry NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
evidences NNS O
of IN O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
previously RB O
published VBN O
studies NNS O
, , O
our PRP$ O
results NNS O
do VBP O
not RB O
suggest VB O
that IN O
the DT O
FRs NNS O
, , O
generated VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
phase NN O
, , O
determined VBD O
important JJ O
abnormalities NNS O
in IN O
mtDNA NNP O
, , O
in IN O
expression NN O
of IN O
CCO NNP O
- HYPH O
I NNP O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
CCO NNP O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blocker NN O
nitrendipine NN O
on IN O
nephrosclerosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
renovascular JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
a DT O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
the DT O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blocker NN O
nitrendipine NN O
or CC O
the DT O
angiotensin NN O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitor NN O
enalapril NN O
on IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
albuminuria NN B-Disease
, , O
renal JJ O
hemodynamics NN O
, , O
and CC O
morphology NN O
of IN O
the DT O
nonclipped JJ O
kidney NN O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
two CD O
- HYPH O
kidney NN O
, , O
one CD O
clip NN O
renovascular JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
clipping VBG O
of IN O
one CD O
renal JJ O
artery NN O
, , O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
( , O
178 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
4 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
three CD O
groups NNS O
: : O
untreated JJ O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
controls NNS O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
enalapril NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
nitrendipine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sham NN O
- HYPH O
operated VBN O
rats NNS O
served VBN O
as IN O
normotensive JJ O
controls NNS O
( : O
128 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
renal JJ O
hemodynamics NNS O
( , O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
renal JJ O
plasma NN O
flow NN O
) , O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
anesthetized VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
tissue NN O
was VBD O
obtained VBN O
for IN O
determination NN O
of IN O
glomerular JJ O
size NN O
and CC O
sclerosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Enalapril NNP O
but CC O
not RB O
nitrendipine NN O
reduced VBD O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
significantly RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
, , O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
different JJ O
among IN O
the DT O
studied VBN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
plasma NN O
flow NN O
increased VBD O
, , O
but CC O
albumin NN O
excretion NN O
and CC O
glomerulosclerosis NN B-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
after IN O
enalapril NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
nitrendipine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
albuminuria NN B-Disease
increased VBD O
from IN O
12 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
progressively RB O
to IN O
163 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
55 CD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
19 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
9 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
24 CD O
hr NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
glomerulosclerosis NN B-Disease
index NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
nitrendipine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
controls NNS O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
38 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
versus IN O
0 CD O
. . O
13 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
04 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
glomerular JJ O
size NN O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
nitrendipine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
( : O
14 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
17 CD O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
) SYM O
mm2 CD O
) -RRB- O
but CC O
lower JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
enalapril NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
( : O
11 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
15 CD O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
) SYM O
mm2 CD O
) , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
controls NNS O
( : O
12 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
17 CD O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
) SYM O
mm2 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) : O
null null null-Disease
Ketoconazole NNP O
induced VBD O
torsades NNS B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
without IN O
concomitant JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
- HYPH O
prolonging VBG O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketoconazole NNP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
known VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
proarrhythmic JJ O
without IN O
concomitant JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
- HYPH O
prolonging VBG O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
woman NN O
with IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
a DT O
markedly RB O
prolonged VBN B-Disease
QT NNP I-Disease
interval NN I-Disease
and CC O
torsades NNS B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes FW I-Disease
( , O
TdP NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
after IN O
taking VBG O
ketoconazole NN O
for IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
fungal JJ B-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
upon IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
ketoconazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Genetic JJ O
study NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
find VB O
any DT O
mutation NN O
in IN O
her PRP$ O
genes NNS O
that WDT O
encode VBP O
cardiac JJ O
IKr NN O
channel NN O
proteins NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
postulate VBP O
that IN O
by IN O
virtue NN O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
direct JJ O
blocking NN O
action NN O
on IN O
IKr NNP O
, , O
ketoconazole NN O
alone RB O
may MD O
prolong VB O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
and CC O
induce VB O
TdP NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
calls VBZ O
for IN O
attention NN O
when WRB O
ketoconazole NN O
is VBZ O
administered VBN O
to IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
for IN O
acquired VBN O
long JJ B-Disease
QT NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ B-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
following VBG O
oral JJ O
methylphenidate NN O
intake NN O
in IN O
an DT O
adult NN O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methylphenidate NN O
is VBZ O
structurally RB O
and CC O
functionally RB O
similar JJ O
to IN O
amphetamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ B-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
amphetamine NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
well RB O
documented VBN O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
rare JJ O
cases NNS O
ischaemic JJ B-Disease
stroke NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
after IN O
methylphenidate NN O
intake NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
63 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
female NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
methylphenidate NN O
due IN O
to IN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
and CC O
suffered VBD O
from IN O
multiple JJ O
ischaemic JJ B-Disease
strokes NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
consider VBP O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
as IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
likely JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
recurrent JJ O
ischaemic JJ B-Disease
strokes NNS I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
any DT O
pathological JJ O
findings NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
diagnostic JJ O
work NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
methylphenidate NN O
mediated VBN O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
neurological JJ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
methylphenidate NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
potential JJ O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
, , O
though IN O
very RB O
rare JJ O
, , O
represents VBZ O
one CD O
more JJR O
reason NN O
to TO O
be VB O
very RB O
restrictive JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
methylphenidate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MDMA NNP O
polydrug NN O
users NNS O
show VBP O
process NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
central JJ O
executive JJ O
impairments NNS O
coupled VBN O
with IN O
impaired VBN B-Disease
social JJ I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
emotional JJ I-Disease
judgement NN I-Disease
processes NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
recent JJ O
years NNS O
working VBG O
memory NN B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
users NNS O
of IN O
MDMA NNP O
( , O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
methylenedioxymethamphetamine NN O
, , O
ecstasy NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
current JJ O
study NN O
aimed VBN O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
impact NN O
of IN O
MDMA NNP O
use NN O
on IN O
three CD O
separate JJ O
central JJ O
executive JJ O
processes NNS O
( , O
set VBN O
shifting NN O
, , O
inhibition NN O
and CC O
memory NN O
updating NN O
) , O
and CC O
also RB O
on IN O
"""" `` O
prefrontal JJ O
"""" '' O
mediated VBN O
social JJ O
and CC O
emotional JJ O
judgement NN O
processes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifteen CD O
polydrug NN O
ecstasy NN O
users NNS O
and CC O
15 CD O
polydrug JJ O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
ecstasy NN O
user NN O
controls NNS O
completed VBD O
a DT O
general JJ O
drug NN O
use NN O
questionnaire NN O
, , O
the DT O
Brixton NNP O
Spatial NNP O
Anticipation NNP O
task NN O
( , O
set NN O
shifting NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
Backward NNP O
Digit NNP O
Span NNP O
procedure NN O
( , O
memory NN O
updating NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
Inhibition NNP O
of IN O
Return NNP O
( , O
inhibition NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
emotional JJ O
intelligence NN O
scale NN O
, , O
the DT O
Tromso NNP O
Social NNP O
Intelligence NNP O
Scale NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
Dysexecutive NNP O
Questionnaire NNP O
( -LRB- O
DEX NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
MDMA NNP O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
polydrug NN O
controls NNS O
, , O
MDMA NNP O
polydrug NN O
users NNS O
showed VBD O
impairments NNS O
in IN O
set NN O
shifting NN O
and CC O
memory NN O
updating NN O
, , O
and CC O
also RB O
in IN O
social JJ O
and CC O
emotional JJ O
judgement NN O
processes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
latter JJ O
two CD O
deficits NNS O
remained VBD O
significant JJ O
after IN O
controlling VBG O
for IN O
other JJ O
drug NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
lend VBP O
further JJ O
support NN O
to IN O
the DT O
proposal NN O
that IN O
cognitive JJ O
processes NNS O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
prefrontal JJ O
cortex NN O
may MD O
be VB O
impaired VBN O
by IN O
recreational JJ O
ecstasy NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phase NNP O
II NNP O
study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
amsacrine NN O
analogue NN O
CI NNP O
- HYPH O
921 CD O
( HYPH O
NSC NNP O
343499 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
non JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
small JJ I-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
lung NN I-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CI NNP O
- HYPH O
921 CD O
( , O
NSC NNP O
343499 CD O
; : O
9 CD O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
[ -LRB- O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
methoxy NN O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
( -LRB- O
methylsulphonyl NN O
) -RRB- O
amino FW O
] -RRB- O
phenyl NN O
] -RRB- O
amino NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
N NN O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
dimethyl NN O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
acridinecarboxamide NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
topoisomerase JJ O
II NN O
poison NN O
with IN O
high JJ O
experimental JJ O
antitumour JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
by IN O
15 CD O
min NN O
infusion NN O
to IN O
16 CD O
evaluable JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
non JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
small JJ I-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
lung NN I-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
( , O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
( , O
7 CD O
with IN O
no DT O
prior JJ O
treatment NN O
, , O
9 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
relapse NN O
following VBG O
surgery NN O
/ SYM O
radiotherapy NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
( : O
648 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
divided VBN O
over IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
repeated VBN O
every DT O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
) , O
determined VBN O
by IN O
phase NN O
I NN O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
median JJ O
performance NN O
status NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
( SYM O
WHO NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
median JJ O
age NN O
of IN O
61 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
histology NN O
comprised VBD O
squamous JJ B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
( , O
11 CD O
) NN O
, , O
adenocarcinoma NN B-Disease
( , O
1 CD O
) NN O
, , O
mixed VBN O
histology NN O
( , O
2 CD O
) NN O
, , O
bronchio NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
alveolar JJ I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
( , O
1 CD O
) , O
and CC O
large JJ O
cell NN O
undifferentiated JJ B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
( : O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neutropenia NN B-Disease
grade NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
3 CD O
was VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
15 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
infections NNS B-Disease
with IN O
recovery NN O
in IN O
3 CD O
, , O
and CC O
grand JJ O
mal NN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
1 CD O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Grade NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
2 CD O
nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
66 CD O
% NN O
courses NNS O
and CC O
phlebitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
infusion NN O
arm NN O
in IN O
37 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
1 CD O
patient NN O
with IN O
squamous JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
achieved VBD O
a DT O
partial JJ O
response NN O
lasting VBG O
5 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
testing NN O
in IN O
this DT O
and CC O
other JJ O
tumour NN B-Disease
types NNS O
using VBG O
multiple JJ O
daily JJ O
schedules NNS O
is VBZ O
warranted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pharmacokinetics NNS O
of IN O
desipramine NN O
HCl NN O
when WRB O
administered VBN O
with IN O
cinacalcet NN O
HCl NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
In IN O
vitro FW O
work NN O
has VBZ O
demonstrated VBN O
that IN O
cinacalcet NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
strong JJ O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
cytochrome NN O
P450 NN O
isoenzyme NN O
( -LRB- O
CYP NNP O
) -RRB- O
2D6 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
cinacalcet NN O
on IN O
CYP2D6 NNP O
activity NN O
, , O
using VBG O
desipramine NN O
as IN O
a DT O
probe NN O
substrate NN O
, , O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Seventeen CD O
subjects NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
genotyped VBN O
as IN O
CYP2D6 NNP O
extensive JJ O
metabolizers NNS O
were VBD O
enrolled VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
randomized VBN O
, , O
open JJ O
- HYPH O
label NN O
, , O
crossover NN O
study NN O
to TO O
receive VB O
a DT O
single JJ O
oral JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
desipramine NN O
( : O
50 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
two CD O
separate JJ O
occasions NNS O
, , O
once RB O
alone RB O
and CC O
once RB O
after IN O
multiple JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
cinacalcet NN O
( : O
90 CD O
mg NN O
for IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blood NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
obtained VBN O
predose NN O
and CC O
up IN O
to IN O
72 CD O
h NN O
postdose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Fourteen CD O
subjects NNS O
completed VBD O
both DT O
treatment NN O
arms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Relative JJ O
to IN O
desipramine NN O
alone RB O
, , O
mean VBP O
AUC NNP O
and CC O
C NN O
( , O
max NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
desipramine NN O
increased VBD O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
when WRB O
coadministered VBN O
with IN O
cinacalcet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
t NN O
( , O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
, , O
z NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
desipramine NN O
was VBD O
longer JJR O
when WRB O
desipramine NN O
was VBD O
coadministered VBN O
with IN O
cinacalcet NN O
( , O
21 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
versus IN O
43 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
hs NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
t NN O
( HYPH O
max NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
similar JJ O
between IN O
the DT O
regimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fewer JJR O
subjects NNS O
reported VBD O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
following VBG O
treatment NN O
with IN O
desipramine NN O
alone RB O
than IN O
when WRB O
receiving VBG O
desipramine NN O
with IN O
cinacalcet NN O
( SYM O
33 CD O
versus IN O
86 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
most RBS O
frequent JJ O
of IN O
which WDT O
( , O
nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
headache NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
either CC O
desipramine NN O
or CC O
cinacalcet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
demonstrates VBZ O
that IN O
cinacalcet NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
strong JJ O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
CYP2D6 NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
during IN O
concomitant JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
cinacalcet NN O
, , O
dose NN O
adjustment NN O
may MD O
be VB O
necessary JJ O
for IN O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
demonstrate VBP O
a DT O
narrow JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
index NN O
and CC O
are VBP O
metabolized VBN O
by IN O
CYP2D6 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Case NN O
report NN O
: : O
acute JJ O
unintentional JJ O
carbachol NN O
intoxication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTRODUCTION NN O
: : O
Intoxications NNS O
with IN O
carbachol NN O
, , O
a DT O
muscarinic JJ O
cholinergic JJ O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
are VBP O
rare JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
an DT O
interesting JJ O
case NN O
investigating VBG O
a DT O
( , O
near JJ O
) , O
fatal JJ O
poisoning NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
son NN O
of IN O
an DT O
84 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male NN O
discovered VBD O
a DT O
newspaper NN O
report NN O
stating VBG O
clinical JJ O
success NN O
with IN O
plant NN O
extracts NNS O
in IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mode NN O
of IN O
action NN O
was VBD O
said VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
comparable JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
synthetic JJ O
compound NN O
' `` O
carbamylcholin NN O
' '' O
; : O
that RB O
is RB O
, , O
carbachol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
bought VBD O
25 CD O
g NN O
of IN O
carbachol NN O
as IN O
pure JJ O
substance NN O
in IN O
a DT O
pharmacy NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
father NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
400 CD O
to IN O
500 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carbachol NNP O
concentrations NNS O
in IN O
serum NN O
and CC O
urine NN O
on IN O
day NN O
1 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
of IN O
hospital NN O
admission NN O
were VBD O
analysed VBN O
by IN O
HPLC NNP O
- HYPH O
mass NN O
spectrometry NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Minutes NNS O
after IN O
oral JJ O
administration NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
sweating NN O
and CC O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
finally RB O
collapsed VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bradycardia NNP B-Disease
, , O
cholinergic JJ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
asystole NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Initial JJ O
cardiopulmonary JJ O
resuscitation NN O
and CC O
immediate JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
adrenaline NN O
( , O
epinephrine NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
atropine NN O
and CC O
furosemide NN O
was VBD O
successful JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
hospital NN O
admission NN O
, , O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
of IN O
the DT O
intubated JJ O
, , O
bradyarrhythmic JJ O
patient NN O
was VBD O
100 CD O
/ SYM O
65 CD O
mmHg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
signs NNS O
were VBD O
hyperhidrosis NN B-Disease
, , O
hypersalivation NN B-Disease
, , O
bronchorrhoea NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
severe JJ O
miosis NN B-Disease
; : O
the DT O
electrocardiographic JJ O
finding NN O
was VBD O
atrio JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
dissociation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
atropine NN O
( , O
up IN O
to TO O
50 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
24 CD O
hours NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
adrenaline NN O
and CC O
dopamine NN O
were VBD O
necessary JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
extubated VBN O
1 CD O
week NN O
later RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
increased VBN O
dyspnoea NN B-Disease
and CC O
bronchospasm NN B-Disease
necessitated VBD O
reintubation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Respiratory JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
was VBD O
further RB O
worsened VBN O
by IN O
Proteus NNP B-Disease
mirabilis NNS I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
and CC O
severe JJ O
bronchoconstriction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
week NN O
later RB O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
again RB O
extubated VBN O
and CC O
3 CD O
days NNS O
later RB O
was VBD O
transferred VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
peripheral JJ O
ward NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
next JJ O
day NN O
he PRP O
died VBD O
, , O
probably RB O
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
samples NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
and CC O
second JJ O
days NNS O
contained VBD O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
l NN O
carbachol NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
corresponding VBG O
urine NN O
concentrations NNS O
amounted VBD O
to IN O
374 CD O
and CC O
554 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
l NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
case NN O
started VBD O
with IN O
a DT O
media NNS O
report NN O
in IN O
a DT O
popular JJ O
newspaper NN O
, , O
initiated VBN O
by IN O
published VBN O
, , O
peer NN O
- HYPH O
reviewed VBN O
research NN O
on IN O
herbals NNS O
, , O
and CC O
involved VBD O
human JJ O
failure NN O
in IN O
a DT O
case NN O
history NN O
, , O
medical JJ O
examination NN O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
time NN O
, , O
an DT O
analytical JJ O
method NN O
for IN O
the DT O
determination NN O
of IN O
carbachol NN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
and CC O
urine NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
developed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
analysed VBN O
carbachol NN O
concentration NN O
exceeded VBD O
the DT O
supposed JJ O
serum NN O
level NN O
resulting VBG O
from IN O
a DT O
therapeutic JJ O
dose NN O
by IN O
a DT O
factor NN O
of IN O
130 CD O
to IN O
260 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Especially RB O
in IN O
old JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
intensivists NNS O
should MD O
consider VB O
intoxications NNS O
( , O
with IN O
cholinergics NNS O
) -RRB- O
as IN O
a DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
cardiovascular JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pharmacological JJ O
evidence NN O
for IN O
the DT O
potential NN O
of IN O
Daucus NNP O
carota NN O
in IN O
the DT O
management NN O
of IN O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
dysfunctions NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
aimed VBN O
at IN O
investigating VBG O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
Daucus NNP O
carota NN O
seeds NNS O
on IN O
cognitive JJ O
functions NNS O
, , O
total JJ O
serum NN O
cholesterol NN O
levels NNS O
and CC O
brain NN O
cholinesterase NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
ethanolic JJ O
extract NN O
of IN O
Daucus NNP O
carota NN O
seeds NNS O
( -LRB- O
DCE NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
orally RB O
in IN O
three CD O
doses NNS O
( : O
100 CD O
, , O
200 CD O
, , O
400 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
seven CD O
successive JJ O
days NNS O
to IN O
different JJ O
groups NNS O
of IN O
young JJ O
and CC O
aged JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Elevated JJ O
plus CC O
maze NN O
and CC O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
apparatus NN O
served VBD O
as IN O
the DT O
exteroceptive JJ O
behavioral JJ O
models NNS O
for IN O
testing VBG O
memory NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diazepam NNP O
- : O
, , O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
ageing NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
served VBD O
as IN O
the DT O
interoceptive JJ O
behavioral JJ O
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DCE NNP O
( : O
200 CD O
, , O
400 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
p NN O
. . O
o NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
significant JJ O
improvement NN O
in IN O
memory NN O
scores NNS O
of IN O
young JJ O
and CC O
aged JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
memory NN O
improvement NN O
evoked VBN O
by IN O
DCE NNP O
was VBD O
23 CD O
% NN O
at IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
and CC O
35 CD O
% NN O
at IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
400 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
in IN O
young JJ O
mice NNS O
using VBG O
elevated VBN O
plus NN O
maze NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similarly RB O
, , O
significant JJ O
improvements NNS O
in IN O
memory NN O
scores NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
using VBG O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
apparatus NN O
and CC O
aged JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
DCE NNP O
reversed VBD O
the DT O
amnesia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
diazepam NN O
( : O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Daucus NNP O
carota NN O
extract NN O
( : O
200 CD O
, , O
400 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
p NN O
. . O
o NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
reduced VBD O
significantly RB O
the DT O
brain NN O
acetylcholinesterase NN O
activity NN O
and CC O
cholesterol NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
young JJ O
and CC O
aged JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
brain NN O
cholinesterase NN O
activity NN O
evoked VBN O
by IN O
DCE NNP O
at IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
400 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
was VBD O
22 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
young JJ O
and CC O
19 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
aged JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
remarkable JJ O
reduction NN O
in IN O
total JJ O
cholesterol NN O
level NN O
as RB O
well RB O
, , O
to IN O
the DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
23 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
young JJ O
and CC O
21 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
aged JJ O
animals NNS O
with IN O
this DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
DCE NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
DCE NNP O
may MD O
prove VB O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
useful JJ O
remedy NN O
for IN O
the DT O
management NN O
of IN O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
dysfunctions NNS I-Disease
on IN O
account NN O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
multifarious JJ O
beneficial JJ O
effects NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
, , O
memory NN O
improving VBG O
property NN O
, , O
cholesterol NN O
lowering VBG O
property NN O
and CC O
anticholinesterase JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Valproic NNP O
acid NN O
induced VBD O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
- : O
19 CD O
new JJ O
cases NNS O
in IN O
Germany NNP O
from IN O
1994 CD O
to IN O
2003 CD O
- : O
- : O
a DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
associated VBN O
to IN O
VPA NNP O
- HYPH O
therapy NN O
not RB O
only RB O
in IN O
young JJ O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Valproic NN O
acid NN O
( : O
VPA NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
broad JJ O
- HYPH O
spectrum NN O
antiepileptic JJ O
drug NN O
and CC O
is VBZ O
usually RB O
well RB O
- HYPH O
tolerated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rare JJ O
serious JJ O
complications NNS O
may MD O
occur VB O
in IN O
some DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
haemorrhagic JJ O
pancreatitis NN B-Disease
, , O
bone NN B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
suppression NN I-Disease
, , O
VPA NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
VPA NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
typical JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
VPA NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
are VBP O
impaired VBN B-Disease
consciousness NN I-Disease
, , O
sometimes RB O
marked VBN O
EEG NNP O
background NN O
slowing NN O
, , O
increased VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
frequency NN O
, , O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
hyperammonemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
still RB O
no DT O
proof NN O
of IN O
causative JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
VPA NNP O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
only RB O
of IN O
an DT O
association NN O
with IN O
an DT O
assumed VBN O
causal JJ O
relation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
19 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
VPA NNP O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
Germany NNP O
from IN O
the DT O
years NNS O
1994 CD O
to IN O
2003 CD O
, , O
none NN O
of IN O
whom WP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
published VBN O
previously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
warfarin NN O
- : O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
interactions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
frequency NN O
, , O
severity NN O
and CC O
preventability NN O
of IN O
warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhages NNS I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
warfarin NN O
and CC O
warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
interactions NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
living VBG O
in IN O
the DT O
county NN O
of IN O
Osterg NNP O
tland NN O
, , O
Sweden NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
All DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
diagnosed VBN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
at IN O
three CD O
hospitals NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
period NN O
2000 CD O
- SYM O
2002 CD O
were VBD O
identified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Medical JJ O
records NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
retrospectively RB O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
whether IN O
warfarin NN O
and CC O
warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
interactions NNS O
could MD O
have VB O
caused VBN O
the DT O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
proportion NN O
of IN O
possibly RB O
avoidable JJ O
cases NNS O
due IN O
to IN O
drug NN O
interactions NNS O
was VBD O
estimated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Among IN O
593 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
, , O
59 CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
as IN O
related VBN O
to IN O
warfarin JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
imply VBP O
an DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
treatment NN O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
59 CD O
cases NNS O
, , O
26 CD O
( SYM O
44 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
had VBD O
a DT O
fatal JJ O
outcome NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
to IN O
136 CD O
( SYM O
25 CD O
% NN O
) , O
among IN O
the DT O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
warfarin JJ O
patients NNS O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
interaction NN O
could MD O
have VB O
contributed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
haemorrhage NN B-Disease
in IN O
24 CD O
( SYM O
41 CD O
% NN O
) , O
of IN O
the DT O
warfarin JJ O
patients NNS O
and CC O
in IN O
7 CD O
of IN O
these DT O
( : O
12 CD O
% NN O
) , O
the DT O
bleeding NN B-Disease
complication NN O
was VBD O
considered VBN O
being VBG O
possible JJ O
to TO O
avoid VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhages NNS I-Disease
are VBP O
a DT O
major JJ O
clinical JJ O
problem NN O
with IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
fatality NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Almost RB O
half NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cases NNS O
was VBD O
related VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
interaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
significant JJ O
proportion NN O
of IN O
warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhages NNS I-Disease
might MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
prevented VBN O
if IN O
greater JJR O
caution NN O
had VBD O
been VBN O
taken VBN O
when WRB O
prescribing VBG O
drugs NNS O
known VBN O
to TO O
interact VB O
with IN O
warfarin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antipsychotic JJ O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
profile NN O
of IN O
thioperamide NN O
, , O
a DT O
selective JJ O
H3 NN O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Experimental JJ O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
evidence NN O
points VBZ O
to IN O
a DT O
role NN O
of IN O
central JJ O
histaminergic JJ O
system NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
study VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
histamine NN O
H NN O
( HYPH O
3 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
ligands NNS O
on IN O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
climbing NN O
behavior NN O
and CC O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN O
activities NNS O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Catalepsy NN B-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
haloperidol NN O
( , O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
p NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
while IN O
apomorphine NN O
( , O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
amphetamine NN O
( , O
2 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
used VBN O
for IN O
studying VBG O
climbing NN O
behavior NN O
and CC O
locomotor NN O
activities NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
( -LRB- O
R NN O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methylhistamine NN O
( : O
RAMH NN O
) -RRB- O
( : O
5 CD O
microg NN O
i NN O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
thioperamide NN O
( , O
THP NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
15 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
per IN O
se NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
cause VB O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
THP NNP O
( : O
3 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
and CC O
15 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) SYM O
1 CD O
h NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
haloperidol NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
times NNS O
( : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
RAMH NNP O
significantly RB O
reversed VBD O
such PDT O
an DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
THP NNP O
( : O
15 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RAMH NNP O
per IN O
se NN O
showed VBD O
significant JJ O
reduction NN O
in IN O
locomotor NN O
time NN O
, , O
distance NN O
traveled VBN O
and CC O
average JJ O
speed NN O
but CC O
THP NNP O
( : O
15 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
per IN O
se FW O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
these DT O
parameters NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
, , O
THP NNP O
( , O
3 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
and CC O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
reduced VBN O
locomotor NN O
time NN O
, , O
distance NN O
traveled VBN O
and CC O
average JJ O
speed NN O
( : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
with IN O
RAMH NNP O
( : O
5 CD O
microg NN O
i NN O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
could MD O
partially RB O
reverse VB O
such JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
THP NN O
( : O
3 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Climbing VBG O
behavior NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
apomorphine NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
THP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such PDT O
an DT O
effect NN O
was VBD O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
reversed VBN O
in IN O
presence NN O
of IN O
RAMH NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
THP NNP O
exhibited VBD O
an DT O
antipsychotic JJ O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
profile NN O
by IN O
potentiating VBG O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
reducing VBG O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
and CC O
reducing VBG O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
climbing NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
THP NNP O
were VBD O
reversed VBN O
by IN O
RAMH NNP O
indicating VBG O
the DT O
involvement NN O
of IN O
histamine NN O
H NNP O
( HYPH O
3 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
a DT O
potential NN O
for IN O
H NN O
( HYPH O
3 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
in IN O
improving VBG O
the DT O
refractory JJ O
cases NNS O
of IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cauda NNP B-Disease
equina NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
after IN O
epidural JJ O
steroid NN O
injection NN O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
Conventional JJ O
treatment NN O
methods NNS O
of IN O
lumbusacral JJ O
radiculopathy NN B-Disease
are VBP O
physical JJ O
therapy NN O
, , O
epidural JJ O
steroid NN O
injections NNS O
, , O
oral JJ O
medications NNS O
, , O
and CC O
spinal JJ O
manipulative JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cauda NNP B-Disease
equina NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
complication NN O
of IN O
epidural JJ O
anesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
following VBG O
case NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
report NN O
of IN O
cauda NN B-Disease
equina NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
possibly RB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
epidural JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
triamcinolone NN O
and CC O
bupivacaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CLINICAL JJ O
FEATURES NNS O
: : O
A DT O
50 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
low JJ B-Disease
back NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
right JJ I-Disease
leg NN I-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
was VBD O
scheduled VBN O
for IN O
epidural JJ O
steroid NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTERVENTION NN O
AND CC O
OUTCOME NN O
: : O
An DT O
18 CD O
- HYPH O
gauge NN O
Touhy NNP O
needle NN O
was VBD O
inserted VBN O
until IN O
loss NN O
of IN O
resistance NN O
occurred VBD O
at IN O
the DT O
L4 NNP O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Spread NN O
of IN O
the DT O
contrast NN O
medium NN O
within IN O
the DT O
epidural JJ O
space NN O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
radiographic JJ O
imaging NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
verifying VBG O
the DT O
epidural JJ O
space NN O
, , O
bupivacaine NN O
and CC O
triamcinolone NN O
diacetate NN O
were VBD O
injected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
radicular JJ O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
hours NNS O
later RB O
, , O
she PRP O
complained VBD O
of IN O
perineal JJ O
numbness NN B-Disease
and CC O
lower JJR B-Disease
extremity NN I-Disease
weakness NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
neurologic JJ O
evaluation NN O
revealed VBD O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
sensation NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
saddle NN O
area NN O
and CC O
medial JJ O
aspect NN O
of IN O
her PRP$ O
right JJ O
leg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
perception NN O
of IN O
pinprick NN O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Deep JJ O
- HYPH O
tendon NN O
reflexes NNS O
were VBD O
decreased VBN O
especially RB O
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
leg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
was VBD O
unable JJ O
to TO O
urinate VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
symptoms NNS O
improved VBD O
slightly RB O
over IN O
the DT O
next JJ O
few JJ O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
had VBD O
a DT O
gradual JJ O
return NN O
of IN O
motor NN O
function NN O
and CC O
ability NN O
of IN O
feeling VBG O
Foley NNP O
catheter NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
of IN O
the DT O
symptoms NNS O
were VBD O
completely RB O
resolved VBN O
over IN O
the DT O
next JJ O
8 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Complications NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
epidural JJ O
steroid NN O
injections NNS O
are VBP O
rare JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
examination NN O
and CC O
continued JJ O
vigilance NN O
for IN O
neurologic JJ B-Disease
deterioration NN I-Disease
after IN O
epidural JJ O
steroid NN O
injections NNS O
is VBZ O
important JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
testosterone NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
study VB O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
androgen NN O
treatment NN O
on IN O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
a DT O
population NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
study NN O
in IN O
513 CD O
naturally RB O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
aged VBN O
54 CD O
- SYM O
67 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
studied VBD O
the DT O
association NN O
between IN O
self NN O
- HYPH O
reported VBN O
intramuscularly RB O
administered VBN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
estrogen NN O
- HYPH O
testosterone NN O
therapy NN O
( , O
estradiol NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
testosterone NN O
esters NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
aortic JJ O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aortic JJ O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
by IN O
radiographic JJ O
detection NN O
of IN O
calcified VBN O
deposits NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
abdominal JJ O
aorta NN O
, , O
which WDT O
have VBP O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
reflect VB O
intima NN O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hormone NN O
therapy NN O
users NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
never RB O
users NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Intramuscular JJ O
hormone NN O
therapy NN O
use NN O
for IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
or CC O
longer JJR O
was VBD O
reported VBN O
by IN O
25 CD O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
almost RB O
half NN O
of IN O
these DT O
women NNS O
severe JJ O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
aorta NN O
was VBD O
present JJ O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
11 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
while IN O
in IN O
women NNS O
without IN O
hormone NN O
use NN O
severe JJ O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
aorta NN O
was VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
less JJR O
than IN O
20 CD O
% NN O
( , O
OR CC O
3 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- SYM O
8 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
adjusted VBN O
for IN O
age NN O
, , O
years NNS O
since IN O
menopause NN O
, , O
smoking NN O
, , O
and CC O
body NN O
mass NN O
index NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
association NN O
remained VBD O
after IN O
additional JJ O
adjustment NN O
for IN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
, , O
cholesterol NN O
level NN O
, , O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
or CC O
alcohol NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
association NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
for IN O
hormone NN O
use NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
testosterone NN O
therapy NN O
may MD O
adversely RB O
affect VB O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
and CC O
indicate VB O
that IN O
androgen NN O
replacement NN O
in IN O
these DT O
women NNS O
may MD O
not RB O
be VB O
harmless JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Optimising VBG O
stroke NN B-Disease
prevention NN O
in IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
valvular JJ O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
substantial JJ O
morbidity NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pooled VBN O
data NNS O
from IN O
trials NNS O
comparing VBG O
antithrombotic JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
have VBP O
shown VBN O
that IN O
warfarin NN O
reduces VBZ O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
by IN O
62 CD O
% NN O
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
aspirin NN O
alone RB O
reduces VBZ O
the DT O
risk NN O
by IN O
22 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Overall RB O
, , O
in IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
patients NNS O
, , O
warfarin NN O
is VBZ O
superior JJ O
to IN O
aspirin NN O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
strokes NNS B-Disease
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
relative JJ O
risk NN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
36 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ximelagatran NNP O
, , O
an DT O
oral JJ O
direct JJ O
thrombin NN O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
as RB O
efficient JJ O
as IN O
vitamin NN O
K NN O
antagonist JJ O
drugs NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
embolic JJ B-Disease
events NNS I-Disease
, , O
but CC O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
recently RB O
withdrawn VBN O
because IN O
of IN O
abnormal JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
ACTIVE NNP O
- HYPH O
W NNP O
( , O
Atrial NNP B-Disease
Fibrillation NNP I-Disease
Clopidogrel NNP O
Trial NNP O
with IN O
Irbesartan NNP O
for IN O
Prevention NNP O
of IN O
Vascular NNP O
Events NNPS O
) -RRB- O
study NN O
has VBZ O
demonstrated VBN O
that IN O
warfarin NN O
is VBZ O
superior JJ O
to IN O
platelet NN O
therapy NN O
( , O
clopidogrel NN O
plus CC O
aspirin NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
af IN O
embolic JJ B-Disease
events NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Idraparinux NNP O
, , O
a DT O
Factor NNP O
Xa NNP O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
being VBG O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitors NNS O
and CC O
angiotensin JJ O
II NN O
receptor NN O
- HYPH O
blocking VBG O
drugs NNS O
hold VBP O
promise NN O
in IN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
through IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
remodelling NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Preliminary JJ O
studies NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
statins NNS O
could MD O
interfere VB O
with IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
recurrence NN O
after IN O
electrical JJ O
cardioversion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
percutaneous JJ O
methods NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
exclusion NN O
of IN O
left JJ O
atrial JJ O
appendage NN O
are VBP O
under IN O
investigation NN O
in IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anti JJ O
- HYPH O
oxidant JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
atorvastatin NN O
in IN O
dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
1 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexamethasone NNP O
( : O
Dex NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
endothelial JJ O
dysfunction NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
( , O
NO NNP O
) -RRB- O
deficiency NN O
and CC O
increased VBN O
superoxide NN O
( -LRB- O
O2 NN O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
production NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atorvastatin NNP O
( , O
Ato NNP O
) -RRB- O
possesses VBZ O
pleiotropic JJ O
properties NNS O
that WDT O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to TO O
improve VB O
endothelial JJ O
function NN O
through IN O
increased VBN O
availability NN O
of IN O
NO NNP O
and CC O
reduced VBN O
O2 NN O
- HYPH O
production NN O
in IN O
various JJ O
forms NNS O
of IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
whether IN O
50 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
per IN O
day NN O
, , O
p NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
, , O
Ato NNP O
could MD O
prevent VB O
endothelial JJ O
NO NN O
synthase NN O
( : O
eNOS NN O
) -RRB- O
downregulation NN O
and CC O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
O2 NNP O
- HYPH O
in IN O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
( -LRB- O
SD NN O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
, , O
thereby RB O
reducing VBG O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
2 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male JJ O
SD NN O
rats NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
30 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
Ato NNP O
( , O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
in IN O
drinking NN O
water NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
tap NN O
water NN O
for IN O
15 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexamethasone NNP O
( : O
10 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
, , O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
saline NN O
was VBD O
started VBN O
after IN O
4 CD O
days NNS O
in IN O
Ato NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
and CC O
non NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
continued VBD O
for IN O
11 CD O
- SYM O
13 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
SBP NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
on IN O
alternate JJ O
days NNS O
using VBG O
the DT O
tail JJ O
- HYPH O
cuff NN O
method NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Endothelial JJ O
function NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
acetylcholine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
vasorelaxation NN O
and CC O
phenylephrine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
vasoconstriction NN O
in IN O
aortic JJ O
segments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vascular JJ O
eNOS NNP O
mRNA NNP O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
semi JJ O
- HYPH O
quantitative JJ O
reverse JJ O
transcription NN O
- HYPH O
polymerase NN O
chain NN O
reaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
3 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
Dex NNP O
alone RB O
, , O
SBP NNP O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
from IN O
109 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
to IN O
133 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
mmHg NN O
on IN O
Days NNS O
4 CD O
and CC O
Day NNP O
14 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
Ato NNP O
+ SYM O
Dex NNP O
group NN O
, , O
SBP NNP O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
from IN O
113 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
to IN O
119 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
mmHg NN O
on IN O
Days NNS O
4 CD O
to TO O
14 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
SBP NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
group NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
Dex NNP O
alone RB O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Endothelial JJ O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
relaxation NN O
and CC O
eNOS NNP O
mRNA NNP O
expression NN O
were VBD O
greater JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
Dex NNP O
+ CC O
Ato NNP O
group NN O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
Dex NNP O
only JJ O
group NN O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
and CC O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aortic JJ O
superoxide NN O
production NN O
was VBD O
lower JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
Dex NNP O
+ SYM O
Ato NNP O
group NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
group NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
Dex NNP O
alone RB O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
4 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
with IN O
Ato NNP O
improved VBD O
endothelial JJ O
function NN O
, , O
reduced VBD O
superoxide NN O
production NN O
and CC O
reduced VBN O
SBP NNP O
in IN O
Dex NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
SD NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
citrate NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
complicating VBG O
volunteer NN O
apheresis NN O
platelet NN O
donation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
citrate NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
during IN O
volunteer NN O
donor NN O
apheresis NN O
platelet NN O
collection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
donor NN O
was VBD O
a DT O
40 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
female JJ O
, , O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
time NN O
apheresis NN O
platelet NN O
donor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Past JJ O
medical JJ O
history NN O
was VBD O
remarkable JJ O
for IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
hyperlipidemia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
depression NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reported VBN O
medications NNS O
included VBD O
bumetanide NN O
, , O
pravastatin NN O
, , O
and CC O
paroxetine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
minutes NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
start NN O
of IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
, , O
the DT O
donor NN O
noted VBD O
tingling NN O
around IN O
the DT O
mouth NN O
, , O
hands NNS O
, , O
and CC O
feet NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
then RB O
very RB O
rapidly RB O
developed VBD O
acute JJ O
onset NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
facial JJ O
and CC O
extremity NN O
tetany NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Empirical JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
calcium NN O
gluconate NN O
was VBD O
initiated VBN O
, , O
and CC O
muscle NN B-Disease
contractions NNS I-Disease
slowly RB O
subsided VBD O
over IN O
approximately RB O
10 CD O
to TO O
15 CD O
minutes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
events NNS O
are VBP O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
a DT O
severe JJ O
reaction NN O
to IN O
calcium NN O
chelation NN O
by IN O
sodium NN O
citrate NN O
anticoagulant NN O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
symptomatic JJ O
systemic JJ O
hypocalcemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Upon IN O
additional JJ O
retrospective JJ O
analysis NN O
, , O
it PRP O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
that IN O
bumetanide NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
loop NN O
diuretic NN O
that WDT O
may MD O
cause VB O
significant JJ O
hypocalcemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
careful JJ O
screening NN O
for IN O
medications NNS O
and CC O
underlying VBG O
conditions NNS O
predisposing VBG O
to IN O
hypocalcemia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
recommended VBN O
to TO O
help VB O
prevent VB O
severe JJ O
reactions NNS O
due IN O
to IN O
citrate NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Laboratory JJ O
measurement NN O
of IN O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
procedure NN O
serum NN O
calcium NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
selected VBN O
donors NNS O
may MD O
identify VB O
cases NNS O
requiring VBG O
heightened VBN O
vigilance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
case NN O
also RB O
illustrates VBZ O
the DT O
importance NN O
of IN O
maintaining VBG O
preparedness NN O
for IN O
managing VBG O
rare JJ O
but CC O
serious JJ O
reactions NNS O
in IN O
volunteer NN O
apheresis NN O
blood NN O
donors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sirolimus NNP O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sirolimus NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
novel JJ O
immunosuppressant NN O
with IN O
potent JJ O
antiproliferative JJ O
actions NNS O
through IN O
its PRP$ O
ability NN O
to TO O
inhibit VB O
the DT O
raptor NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
mammalian JJ O
target NN O
of IN O
rapamycin NN O
protein NN O
kinase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sirolimus NNP O
represents VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
advance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
renal JJ O
allograft NN O
rejection NN O
and CC O
chronic JJ O
allograft NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Its PRP$ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
therapy NN O
of IN O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
, , O
autoimmunity NN B-Disease
, , O
cystic JJ B-Disease
renal NN I-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
under IN O
investigation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
sirolimus NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
share VB O
the DT O
vasomotor NN O
renal JJ O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
exhibited VBN O
by IN O
calcineurin NN O
inhibitors NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
designated VBN O
a DT O
' `` O
non NN O
- HYPH O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
drug NN O
' '' O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
clinical JJ O
reports NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
, , O
under IN O
some DT O
circumstances NNS O
, , O
sirolimus NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
common JJ O
risk NN O
factor NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
presence NN O
of IN O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
existing VBG O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
are VBP O
multifactorial JJ O
and CC O
may MD O
be VB O
due IN O
to IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
glomerular JJ O
capillary NN O
pressure NN O
following VBG O
calcineurin NN O
inhibitor NN O
withdrawal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
also RB O
been VBN O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
sirolimus NN O
directly RB O
causes VBZ O
increased VBN O
glomerular JJ O
permeability NN O
/ SYM O
injury NN O
, , O
but CC O
evidence NN O
for IN O
this DT O
mechanism NN O
is VBZ O
currently RB O
inconclusive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
sirolimus NN O
( , O
such JJ O
as IN O
in IN O
delayed VBN O
graft NN O
function NN O
) , O
may MD O
be VB O
due IN O
to IN O
suppression NN O
of IN O
compensatory JJ O
renal JJ O
cell NN O
proliferation NN O
and CC O
survival NN O
/ SYM O
repair NN O
processes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
these DT O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
occur VBP O
in IN O
some DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
their PRP$ O
occurrence NN O
could MD O
be VB O
minimised VBN O
by IN O
knowledge NN O
of IN O
the DT O
molecular JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
on IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
, , O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
in IN O
appropriate JJ O
patient NN O
populations NNS O
, , O
close JJ O
monitoring NN O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ O
function NN O
, , O
use NN O
of IN O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitors NNS O
or CC O
angiotensin JJ O
II NN O
receptor NN O
blockers NNS O
if IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
occurs VBZ O
and CC O
withdrawal NN O
if IN O
needed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
analysis NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
allograft NN O
studies NNS O
using VBG O
sirolimus NN O
as IN O
de FW O
novo FW O
immunosuppression NN O
along IN O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
laboratory NN O
studies NNS O
will MD O
refine VB O
these DT O
issues NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
future NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinuria NNP B-Disease
after IN O
conversion NN O
to IN O
sirolimus NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sirolimus NNP O
( : O
SRL NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
new JJ O
, , O
potent JJ O
immunosuppressive JJ O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
More RBR O
recently RB O
, , O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
consequence NN O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
although IN O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
has VBZ O
remained VBN O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
retrospectively RB O
examined VBD O
the DT O
records NNS O
of IN O
25 CD O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
patients NNS O
, , O
who WP O
developed VBD O
or CC O
displayed VBD O
increased VBN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
after IN O
SRL NNP O
conversion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
cohort NN O
( , O
14 CD O
men NNS O
, , O
11 CD O
women NNS O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
SRL NNP O
as IN O
conversion NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
due IN O
to IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
allograft NN I-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
( , O
CAN NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
15 CD O
) SYM O
neoplasia NN B-Disease
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
Kaposi NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
sarcoma NN I-Disease
, , O
Four CD O
skin NN B-Disease
cancers NNS I-Disease
, , O
One CD O
intestinal JJ B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
, , O
One CD O
renal JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
carsinom NN I-Disease
) , O
or CC O
BK NN O
virus NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SRL NNP O
was VBD O
started VBN O
at IN O
a DT O
mean NN O
of IN O
78 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
42 CD O
( SYM O
15 CD O
to TO O
163 CD O
) CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean VB O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
on IN O
SRL NNP O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
20 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
12 CD O
( SYM O
6 CD O
to TO O
43 CD O
) SYM O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinuria NNP B-Disease
increased VBD O
from IN O
0 CD O
. . O
445 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
to IN O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
) SYM O
g NN O
/ SYM O
d CD O
before IN O
conversion NN O
to IN O
3 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
to IN O
12 CD O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
conversion NN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Before IN O
conversion NN O
8 CD O
( SYM O
32 CD O
% NN O
) , O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
no DT O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
afterwards RB O
all DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
28 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
remained VBD O
unchanged JJ O
, , O
whereas IN O
it PRP O
increased VBD O
in IN O
68 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
40 CD O
% NN O
it PRP O
increased VBD O
by IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
100 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
eight CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
increased VBN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
to IN O
the DT O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
range NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Biopsies NNS O
performed VBN O
in IN O
five CD O
patients NNS O
revealed VBD O
new JJ O
pathological JJ O
changes NNS O
: : O
One CD O
membranoproliferative JJ B-Disease
glomerulopathy NN I-Disease
and CC O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
persistently RB O
good JJ O
graft NN O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
creatinine NN O
values NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
significantly RB O
: : O
1 CD O
. . O
98 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
before IN O
SRL NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
53 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
at IN O
last JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
( : O
P NN O
= : O
. . O
14 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
grafts NNS O
were VBD O
lost VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
patients NNS O
returned VBD O
to IN O
dialysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
patients NNS O
displayed VBD O
CAN NNP B-Disease
and CC O
Kaposi NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
sarcoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean JJ O
urinary JJ O
protein NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
returned VBD O
to IN O
dialysis NN O
was VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
26 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
to TO O
3 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
) SYM O
g NN O
/ SYM O
d CD O
before RB O
and CC O
4 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
( SYM O
3 CD O
to TO O
12 CD O
) SYM O
g NN O
/ SYM O
d CD O
after IN O
conversion NN O
( : O
P NN O
= : O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean JJ O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
level NN O
before IN O
conversion NN O
was VBD O
2 CD O
. . O
21 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
and CC O
thereafter RB O
, , O
4 CD O
. . O
93 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heavy JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
was VBD O
common JJ O
after IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
SRL NNP O
as IN O
rescue NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
renal JJ O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
conversion NN O
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
not RB O
developed VBN O
advanced JJ O
CAN NN B-Disease
and CC O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
de FW O
novo FW O
glomerular JJ O
pathology NN O
under IN O
SRL NNP O
treatment NN O
requires VBZ O
further JJ O
investigation NN O
by IN O
renal JJ O
biopsy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
renal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
in IN O
children NNS O
treated VBN O
for IN O
malignant JJ B-Disease
mesenchymal JJ I-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
: : O
an DT O
International NNP O
Society NNP O
of IN O
Pediatric NNP O
Oncology NNP O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
renal JJ O
function NN O
of IN O
74 CD O
children NNS O
with IN O
malignant JJ B-Disease
mesenchymal JJ I-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
in IN O
complete JJ O
remission NN O
and CC O
who WP O
have VBP O
received VBN O
the DT O
same JJ O
ifosfamide NN O
chemotherapy NN O
protocol NN O
( , O
International NNP O
Society NNP O
of IN O
Pediatric NNP O
Oncology NNP O
Malignant NNP B-Disease
Mesenchymal NNP I-Disease
Tumor NNP I-Disease
Study NNP O
84 CD O
[ -LRB- O
SIOP NNP O
MMT NNP O
84 CD O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
1 CD O
year NN O
after IN O
the DT O
completion NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Total JJ O
cumulative JJ O
doses NNS O
were VBD O
36 CD O
or CC O
60 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
( , O
six CD O
or CC O
10 CD O
cycles NNS O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
, , O
vincristine NN O
, , O
and CC O
dactinomycin NN O
[ -LRB- O
IVA NN O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
them PRP O
had VBD O
received VBN O
cisplatin NN O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ages NNS O
ranged VBD O
from IN O
4 CD O
months NNS O
to IN O
17 CD O
years NNS O
; : O
58 CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
males NNS O
and CC O
42 CD O
females NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
primary JJ O
tumor NN B-Disease
site NN O
was VBD O
the DT O
head NN O
and CC O
neck NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
function NN O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
by IN O
measuring VBG O
plasma NN O
and CC O
urinary JJ O
electrolytes NNS O
, , O
glucosuria NN B-Disease
, , O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
, , O
aminoaciduria NN B-Disease
, , O
urinary JJ O
pH NN O
, , O
osmolarity NN O
, , O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
, , O
phosphate NN O
tubular JJ O
reabsorption NN O
, , O
beta NN O
2 NN O
microglobulinuria NN O
, , O
and CC O
lysozymuria NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifty CD O
- HYPH O
eight CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
78 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
normal JJ O
renal JJ O
tests NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
16 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
22 CD O
% NN O
) , O
had VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
subsets NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
identified VBN O
from IN O
this DT O
latter JJ O
group NN O
: : O
the DT O
first JJ O
included VBD O
four CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
population NN O
) , O
who WP O
developed VBD O
major JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
resulting VBG O
in IN O
Fanconi NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
TDFS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
; , O
and CC O
the DT O
second JJ O
group NN O
included VBD O
five CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
elevated VBN O
beta NN O
2 CD O
microglobulinuria NN O
and CC O
low JJ O
phosphate NN O
reabsorption NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
remaining VBG O
seven CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
isolated VBN O
beta NN O
2 CD O
microglobulinuria NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
higher JJR O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
60 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
m2 NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
, , O
a DT O
younger JJR O
age NN O
( : O
less JJR O
than IN O
2 CD O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
years NNS O
old JJ O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
predominance NN O
of IN O
vesicoprostatic JJ O
tumor NN B-Disease
involvement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
low JJ O
percentage NN O
( : O
5 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
TDFS NNP O
must MD O
be VB O
evaluated VBN O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
mesenchymal JJ B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
in IN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Progressive JJ O
myopathy NN B-Disease
with IN O
up IN O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
MHC NNP O
- HYPH O
I PRP O
associated VBD O
with IN O
statin NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Statins NNS O
can MD O
cause VB O
a DT O
necrotizing VBG O
myopathy NN B-Disease
and CC O
hyperCKaemia NN B-Disease
which WDT O
is VBZ O
reversible JJ O
on IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
What WP O
is VBZ O
less RBR O
well RB O
known JJ O
is VBZ O
a DT O
phenomenon NN O
whereby WRB O
statins NNS O
may MD O
induce VB O
a DT O
myopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
persists VBZ O
or CC O
may MD O
progress VB O
after IN O
stopping VBG O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
muscle NN O
pathology NN O
in IN O
8 CD O
such JJ O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
had VBD O
myofibre JJ O
necrosis NN B-Disease
but CC O
only RB O
3 CD O
had VBD O
an DT O
inflammatory JJ O
infiltrate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
all DT O
cases NNS O
there EX O
was VBD O
diffuse JJ O
or CC O
multifocal JJ O
up JJ O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
MHC NNP O
- HYPH O
I PRP O
expression VBP O
even RB O
in IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
necrotic JJ B-Disease
fibres NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Progressive JJ O
improvement NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
7 CD O
cases NNS O
after IN O
commencement NN O
of IN O
prednisolone NN O
and CC O
methotrexate NN O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
one CD O
case NN O
spontaneously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
observations NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
statins NNS O
may MD O
initiate VB O
an DT O
immune NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
that WDT O
persists VBZ O
after IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
and CC O
responds VBZ O
to IN O
immunosuppressive JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
this DT O
myopathy NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
uncertain JJ O
but CC O
may MD O
involve VB O
the DT O
induction NN O
by IN O
statins NNS O
of IN O
an DT O
endoplasmic JJ O
reticulum NN O
stress NN O
response NN O
with IN O
associated VBN O
up IN O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
MHC NNP O
- HYPH O
I PRP O
expression NN O
and CC O
antigen NN O
presentation NN O
by IN O
muscle NN O
fibres NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Use NN O
of IN O
chromosome NN O
substitution NN O
strains NNS O
to TO O
identify VB O
seizure NN B-Disease
susceptibility NN O
loci NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizure NN B-Disease
susceptibility NN O
varies VBZ O
among IN O
inbred JJ O
mouse NN O
strains NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chromosome NN O
substitution NN O
strains NNS O
( , O
CSS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
in IN O
which WDT O
a DT O
single JJ O
chromosome NN O
from IN O
one CD O
inbred NN O
strain NN O
( , O
donor NN O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
transferred VBN O
onto IN O
a DT O
second JJ O
strain NN O
( , O
host NN O
) -RRB- O
by IN O
repeated VBN O
backcrossing NN O
, , O
may MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
to TO O
identify VB O
quantitative JJ O
trait NN O
loci NN O
( , O
QTLs NNP O
) -RRB- O
that WDT O
contribute VBP O
to IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
susceptibility NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
QTLs NNS O
for IN O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
a DT O
model NN O
of IN O
temporal JJ B-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
, , O
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
, , O
and CC O
CSS NNP O
have VBP O
not RB O
previously RB O
been VBN O
used VBN O
to TO O
localize VB O
seizure NN B-Disease
susceptibility NN O
genes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
QTLs NNP O
identified VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
B6 NNP O
( -LRB- O
host NN O
) -RRB- O
x SYM O
A NNP O
/ SYM O
J NNP O
( HYPH O
donor NN O
) -RRB- O
CSS NNP O
panel NN O
to TO O
localize VB O
genes NNS O
involved VBN O
in IN O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
hundred CD O
fifty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
adult NN O
male JJ O
CSS NNP O
mice NNS O
, , O
58 CD O
B6 NN O
, , O
and CC O
39 CD O
A NN O
/ SYM O
J NNP O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
for IN O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Highest JJS O
stage NN O
reached VBD O
and CC O
latency NN O
to IN O
each DT O
stage NN O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
for IN O
all DT O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
B6 NN O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
resistant JJ O
to IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
slower JJR O
to TO O
reach VB O
stages NNS O
compared VBN O
to IN O
A NN O
/ SYM O
J NNP O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
CSS NNP O
for IN O
Chromosomes NNP O
10 CD O
and CC O
18 CD O
progressed VBD O
to IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
severe JJ O
stages NNS O
, , O
diverging VBG O
dramatically RB O
from IN O
the DT O
B6 NNP O
phenotype NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Latencies NNS O
to IN O
stages NNS O
were VBD O
also RB O
significantly RB O
shorter JJR O
for IN O
CSS10 NN O
and CC O
CSS18 NNP O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CSS NNP O
mapping NN O
suggests VBZ O
seizure NN B-Disease
susceptibility NN O
loci NN O
on IN O
mouse NNP O
Chromosomes NNP O
10 CD O
and CC O
18 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
approach NN O
provides VBZ O
a DT O
framework NN O
for IN O
identifying VBG O
potentially RB O
novel JJ O
homologous JJ O
candidate NN O
genes NNS O
for IN O
human JJ O
temporal JJ B-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vitro FW O
characterization NN O
of IN O
parasympathetic JJ O
and CC O
sympathetic JJ O
responses NNS O
in IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
, , O
detrusor NN O
function NN O
is VBZ O
impaired VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
expression NN O
and CC O
effects NNS O
of IN O
muscarinic JJ O
receptors NNS O
altered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whether IN O
or CC O
not RB O
the DT O
neuronal JJ O
transmission NN O
may MD O
be VB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
presently RB O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Responses NNS O
of IN O
urinary JJ O
strip NN O
preparations NNS O
from IN O
control NN O
and CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
- HYPH O
pretreated VBN O
rats NNS O
to IN O
electrical JJ O
field NN O
stimulation NN O
and CC O
to IN O
agonists NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
and CC O
presence NN O
of IN O
muscarinic JJ O
, , O
adrenergic JJ O
and CC O
purinergic JJ O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Generally RB O
, , O
atropine NN O
reduced VBD O
contractions NNS O
, , O
but CC O
in IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
controls NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
also RB O
reduced VBD O
responses NNS O
to IN O
low JJ O
electrical JJ O
field NN O
stimulation NN O
intensity NN O
( , O
1 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
Hz NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
inflamed JJ O
preparations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
both DT O
types NNS O
, , O
purinoceptor NN O
desensitization NN O
with IN O
alpha NN O
, , O
beta JJ O
- HYPH O
methylene NN O
adenosine NN O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
' '' O
- HYPH O
triphosphate NN O
( , O
alpha NN O
, , O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
meATP NN O
) -RRB- O
caused VBD O
further JJ O
reductions NNS O
at IN O
low JJ O
frequencies NNS O
( , O
< $ O
10 CD O
Hz NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
muscarinic JJ O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
atropine JJ O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
diphenylacetoxy NN O
- HYPH O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methylpiperidine NN O
( -LRB- O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
DAMP NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
' '' O
M NN O
( , O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
/ SYM O
M NNP O
( , O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
/ SYM O
M NN O
( , O
5 CD O
) CD O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
' '' O
) -RRB- O
, , O
methoctramine NN O
( , O
' '' O
M NN O
( , O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
' '' O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
pirenzepine NN O
( , O
' '' O
M NN O
( , O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
' '' O
) -RRB- O
antagonized VBD O
the DT O
tonic JJ O
component NN O
of IN O
the DT O
electrical JJ O
field NN O
stimulation NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
contractile JJ O
response NN O
more RBR O
potently RB O
than IN O
the DT O
phasic JJ O
component NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
4 NNP O
- HYPH O
DAMP NNP O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
tonic NN O
contractions NNS O
in IN O
controls NNS O
more RBR O
potently RB O
than IN O
methoctramine NN O
and CC O
pirenzepine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
inflamed JJ O
preparations NNS O
, , O
the DT O
muscarinic JJ O
receptor NN O
antagonism NN O
on IN O
the DT O
phasic JJ O
component NN O
of IN O
the DT O
electrical JJ O
field NN O
stimulation NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
contraction NN O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
pirenzepine NN O
and CC O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
DAMP NN O
antagonism NN O
on IN O
the DT O
tonic NN O
component NN O
was VBD O
much RB O
less RBR O
efficient JJ O
than IN O
in IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
controls NNS O
, , O
methoctramine NN O
increased VBD O
- : O
- : O
instead RB O
of IN O
decreased VBN O
- HYPH O
- : O
the DT O
tonic NN O
responses NNS O
at IN O
high JJ O
frequencies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
contractions NNS O
to IN O
carbachol NN O
and CC O
ATP NNP O
were VBD O
the DT O
same JJ O
in IN O
inflamed VBN O
and CC O
in IN O
control NN O
strips NNS O
when WRB O
related VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
reference NN O
potassium NN O
response NN O
, , O
isoprenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
relaxations NNS O
were VBD O
smaller JJR O
in IN O
inflamed JJ O
strips NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
in IN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
substantial JJ O
changes NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
efferent JJ O
functional JJ O
responses NNS O
occur VBP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
postjunctional JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
relaxations NNS O
are VBP O
reduced VBN O
, , O
effects NNS O
by IN O
prejunctional JJ O
inhibitory JJ O
muscarinic JJ O
receptors NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
increased VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Direct JJ O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
hyperpolarization NN O
- HYPH O
activated VBN O
cyclic JJ O
nucleotide NN O
- HYPH O
gated VBN O
pacemaker NN O
channels NNS O
by IN O
clonidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Inhibition NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
sympathetic JJ O
tone NN O
represents VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
strategy NN O
for IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
, , O
coronary JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
chronic JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Activation NN O
of IN O
presynaptic JJ O
alpha2 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptors NN O
is VBZ O
the DT O
most RBS O
widely RB O
accepted VBN O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
action NN O
of IN O
the DT O
antisympathetic JJ O
drug NN O
clonidine NN O
; , O
however RB O
, , O
other JJ O
target NN O
proteins NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
postulated VBN O
to TO O
contribute VB O
to IN O
the DT O
in FW O
vivo FW O
actions NNS O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
AND CC O
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
To TO O
test VB O
whether IN O
clonidine NN O
elicits VBZ O
pharmacological JJ O
effects NNS O
independent JJ O
of IN O
alpha2 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptors NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
have VBP O
generated VBN O
mice NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
targeted VBN O
deletion NN O
of IN O
all DT O
3 CD O
alpha2 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
subtypes NNS O
( -LRB- O
alpha2ABC NNP O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Alpha2ABC NNP O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
completely RB O
unresponsive JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
analgesic JJ O
and CC O
hypnotic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
clonidine NN O
significantly RB O
lowered VBD O
heart NN O
rate NN O
in IN O
alpha2ABC NNP O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NNS O
by IN O
up IN O
to TO O
150 CD O
bpm NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clonidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
in IN O
conscious JJ O
alpha2ABC NN O
- HYPH O
/ : O
- HYPH O
mice NNS O
was VBD O
32 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
( , O
10 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
26 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
( , O
100 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
the DT O
effect NN O
in IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
similar JJ O
bradycardic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
isolated VBN O
spontaneously RB O
beating VBG O
right JJ O
atria NN O
from IN O
alpha2ABC NNP O
- HYPH O
knockout NN O
and CC O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clonidine NN O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
native JJ O
pacemaker NN O
current JJ O
( , O
I NNP O
( HYPH O
f NN O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
isolated VBN O
sinoatrial JJ O
node NN O
pacemaker NN O
cells NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
I NNP O
( HYPH O
f NN O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
generating VBG O
hyperpolarization NN O
- HYPH O
activated VBN O
cyclic JJ O
nucleotide NN O
- HYPH O
gated VBN O
( -LRB- O
HCN NNP O
) -RRB- O
2 CD O
and CC O
HCN4 NNP O
channels NNS O
in IN O
transfected VBN O
HEK293 NNP O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
a DT O
consequence NN O
of IN O
blocking VBG O
I NNP O
( HYPH O
f XX O
) -RRB- O
, , O
clonidine NN O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
slope NN O
of IN O
the DT O
diastolic JJ O
depolarization NN O
and CC O
the DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
pacemaker NN O
potentials NNS O
in IN O
sinoatrial JJ O
node NN O
cells NNS O
from IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
and CC O
alpha2ABC NN O
- HYPH O
knockout NN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Direct JJ O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
HCN NNP O
pacemaker NN O
channels NNS O
contributes VBZ O
to IN O
the DT O
bradycardic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
gene NN O
- HYPH O
targeted VBN O
mice NNS O
in IN O
vivo NN O
, , O
and CC O
thus RB O
, , O
clonidine NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
drugs NNS O
represent VBP O
novel JJ O
structures NNS O
for IN O
future JJ O
HCN NNP O
channel NN O
inhibitors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Granulomatous JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
combination NN O
of IN O
amoxicillin NN O
and CC O
clavulanic JJ O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
amoxicillin NN O
- HYPH O
clavulanic NN O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
with IN O
histologic JJ O
multiple JJ O
granulomas NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
type NN O
of IN O
lesion NN O
broadens VBZ O
the DT O
spectrum NN O
of IN O
liver NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
combination NN O
, , O
mainly RB O
represented VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
benign JJ O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
association NN O
of IN O
granulomas NNS B-Disease
and CC O
eosinophilia NN B-Disease
favor VBP O
an DT O
immunoallergic JJ O
mechanism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
penicillin NN O
derivatives NNS O
and CC O
amoxicillin NN O
alone RB O
are VBP O
known VBN O
to TO O
induce VB O
such JJ O
types NNS O
of IN O
lesions NNS O
, , O
the DT O
amoxicillin NN O
component NN O
, , O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
a DT O
potentiating VBG O
effect NN O
of IN O
clavulanic JJ O
acid NN O
, , O
might MD O
have VB O
a DT O
major JJ O
role NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dobutamine NN O
stress NN O
echocardiography NN O
: : O
a DT O
sensitive JJ O
indicator NN O
of IN O
diminished VBN O
myocardial JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
asymptomatic JJ O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
survivors NNS O
of IN O
childhood NN O
cancer NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doxorubicin NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
effective JJ O
anticancer JJ O
chemotherapeutic JJ O
agent NN O
known VBN O
to TO O
cause VB O
acute JJ O
and CC O
chronic JJ O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
develop VB O
a DT O
more RBR O
sensitive JJ O
echocardiographic JJ O
screening NN O
test NN O
for IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
doxorubicin NN O
, , O
a DT O
cohort NN O
study NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
using VBG O
dobutamine NN O
infusion NN O
to TO O
differentiate VB O
asymptomatic JJ O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
survivors NNS O
of IN O
childhood NN O
cancer NN B-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
doxorubicin NN O
from IN O
healthy JJ O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Echocardiographic JJ O
data NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
experimental JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
21 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
mean JJ O
age NN O
16 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
treated VBN O
from IN O
1 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
to IN O
14 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
years NNS O
( , O
median JJ O
5 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
before IN O
this DT O
study NN O
with IN O
27 CD O
to TO O
532 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
196 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
echocardiographic JJ O
data NNS O
from IN O
12 CD O
normal JJ O
age NN O
- HYPH O
matched VBN O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Graded VBN O
dobutamine NN O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
min NN O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Echocardiographic JJ O
Doppler NNP O
studies NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
before IN O
infusion NN O
and CC O
after IN O
15 CD O
min NN O
of IN O
infusion NN O
at IN O
each DT O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dobutamine NN O
infusion NN O
at IN O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
min NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
after IN O
six CD O
studies NNS O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
a DT O
50 CD O
% NN O
incidence NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
important JJ O
findings NNS O
were VBD O
that IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
values NNS O
in IN O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
, , O
end NN O
- HYPH O
systolic JJ O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
posterior NN O
wall NN O
dimension NN O
and CC O
percent NN O
of IN O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
posterior NN O
wall NN O
thickening NN O
in IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
decreased VBN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
study NN O
and CC O
these DT O
findings NNS O
were VBD O
more RBR O
clearly RB O
delineated VBN O
with IN O
dobutamine NN O
stimulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
End NN O
- HYPH O
systolic JJ O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
posterior NN O
wall NN O
dimension NN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
for IN O
the DT O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
was VBD O
11 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
mm NN O
versus IN O
13 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mm NN O
for IN O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
( , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
End NN O
- HYPH O
systolic JJ O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
posterior NN O
wall NN O
dimension NN O
at IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
per IN O
min NN O
dobutamine NN O
infusion NN O
for IN O
the DT O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
was VBD O
14 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
mm NN O
versus IN O
19 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mm NN O
for IN O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
( : O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) NFP O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) : O
null null null-Disease
Influence NN O
of IN O
smoking NN O
on IN O
developing VBG O
cochlea NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Does VBZ O
smoking NN O
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
affect VB O
the DT O
amplitudes NNS O
of IN O
transient NN O
evoked VBN O
otoacoustic JJ O
emissions NNS O
in IN O
newborns NNS O
? . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
Maternal JJ O
tobacco NN O
smoking NN O
has VBZ O
negative JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
fetal JJ O
growth NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
smoking NN O
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
on IN O
the DT O
developing VBG O
cochlea NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
estimated VBN O
, , O
although IN O
smoking NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
positively RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
in IN O
adults NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
objective NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
maternal JJ O
smoking NN O
on IN O
transient NN O
evoked VBD O
otoacoustic JJ O
emissions NNS O
( -LRB- O
TEOAEs NNP O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
healthy JJ O
neonates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
as IN O
part NN O
of IN O
neonatal JJ O
screening NN O
for IN O
hearing NN B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
and CC O
involved VBD O
both DT O
ears NNS O
of IN O
200 CD O
newborns NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Newborns NNS O
whose WP$ O
mothers NNS O
reported VBD O
smoking NN O
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
200 CD O
ears NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
control NN O
group NN O
of IN O
newborns NNS O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
200 CD O
ears NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
whose WP$ O
mothers NNS O
were VBD O
non NN O
- HYPH O
smokers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Exposure NN O
to IN O
tobacco NN O
was VBD O
characterized VBN O
as IN O
low JJ O
( : O
< SYM O
5 CD O
cigarettes NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
88 CD O
ears NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
moderate JJ O
( , O
5 CD O
< SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
cigarettes NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
< SYM O
10 CD O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
76 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
high JJ O
( : O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
10 CD O
cigarettes NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
36 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
exposed VBN O
neonates NNS O
, , O
TEOAEs NNS O
mean VBP O
response NN O
( , O
across IN O
frequency NN O
) , O
and CC O
mean VBP O
amplitude NN O
at IN O
4000Hz NNP O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
non NN O
- HYPH O
exposed VBN O
neonates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparisons NNS O
between IN O
exposed VBN O
newborns NNS O
' POS O
subgroups NNS O
revealed VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
by IN O
comparing VBG O
each DT O
subgroup NN O
to IN O
control NN O
group NN O
, , O
we PRP O
found VBD O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
decreases NNS B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
TEOAEs NNS I-Disease
amplitudes NNS I-Disease
at IN O
4000Hz CD O
for IN O
all DT O
three CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean JJ O
TEOAEs NNS O
responses NNS O
of IN O
highly RB O
exposed VBN O
newborns NNS O
were VBD O
also RB O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
in IN O
comparison NN O
to IN O
our PRP$ O
control NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
In IN O
utero NN O
, , O
exposure NN O
to IN O
tobacco NN O
smoking NN O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
small JJ O
impact NN O
on IN O
outer JJ O
hair NN O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
effects NNS O
seem VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
equally RB O
true JJ O
for IN O
all DT O
exposed VBN O
newborns NNS O
, , O
regardless RB O
of IN O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
exposure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
studies NNS O
are VBP O
needed VBN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
establish VB O
a DT O
potential JJ O
negative JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
maternal JJ O
smoking NN O
on IN O
the DT O
neonate NN O
' '' O
s POS O
hearing VBG O
acuity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Simvastatin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
bilateral JJ O
leg NN O
compartment NN B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
myonecrosis NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
hypothyroidism NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
54 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
hypothyroid NN B-Disease
male NN O
taking VBG O
thyroxine NN O
and CC O
simvastatin NN O
presented VBN O
with IN O
bilateral JJ O
leg NN O
compartment NN B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
myonecrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urgent JJ O
fasciotomies NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
made VBD O
an DT O
uneventful JJ O
recovery NN O
with IN O
the DT O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
simvastatin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
likely JJ O
that IN O
this DT O
complication NN O
will MD O
be VB O
seen VBN O
more RBR O
often RB O
with IN O
the DT O
increased VBN O
worldwide JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
approval NN O
for IN O
all DT O
arteriopathic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroinflammation NN B-Disease
and CC O
behavioral JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
after IN O
neonatal JJ O
terbutaline NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
: : O
implications NNS O
for IN O
autism NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Autism NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
neurodevelopmental JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
presenting VBG O
before IN O
3 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
with IN O
deficits NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
communication NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
social JJ I-Disease
skills NNS I-Disease
and CC O
repetitive JJ B-Disease
behaviors NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
genetic JJ O
influences NNS O
, , O
recent JJ O
studies NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
prenatal JJ O
drug NN O
or CC O
chemical NN O
exposures NNS O
are VBP O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
for IN O
autism NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Terbutaline NNP O
, , O
a DT O
beta2 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
agonist NN O
used VBN O
to TO O
arrest VB O
preterm JJ B-Disease
labor NN I-Disease
, , O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
increased VBN O
concordance NN O
for IN O
autism NN B-Disease
in IN O
dizygotic JJ O
twins NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
studied VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
terbutaline NN O
on IN O
microglial JJ O
activation NN O
in IN O
different JJ O
brain NN O
regions NNS O
and CC O
behavioral JJ O
outcomes NNS O
in IN O
developing VBG O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Newborn JJ O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
terbutaline NN O
( , O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
daily RB O
on IN O
postnatal JJ O
days NNS O
( , O
PN NNP O
) -RRB- O
2 CD O
to TO O
5 CD O
or CC O
PN NN O
11 CD O
to TO O
14 CD O
and CC O
examined VBD O
24 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
dose NN O
and CC O
at IN O
PN NNP O
30 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunohistochemical JJ O
studies NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
terbutaline NN O
on IN O
PN NNP O
2 CD O
to IN O
5 CD O
produced VBD O
a DT O
robust JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
microglial JJ O
activation NN O
on IN O
PN NNP O
30 CD O
in IN O
the DT O
cerebral JJ O
cortex NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
in IN O
cerebellar NN O
and CC O
cerebrocortical JJ O
white JJ O
matter NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
these DT O
effects NNS O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
animals NNS O
given VBN O
terbutaline NN O
on IN O
PN NNP O
11 CD O
to IN O
14 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
behavioral JJ O
tests NNS O
, , O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
terbutaline NN O
on IN O
PN NNP O
2 CD O
to IN O
5 CD O
showed VBD O
consistent JJ O
patterns NNS O
of IN O
hyper JJ O
- HYPH O
reactivity NN O
to IN O
novelty NN O
and CC O
aversive JJ O
stimuli NNS O
when WRB O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
novel JJ O
open JJ O
field NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
in IN O
the DT O
acoustic JJ O
startle NN O
response NN O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
findings NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
beta2 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
overstimulation NN O
during IN O
an DT O
early JJ O
critical JJ O
period NN O
results VBZ O
in IN O
microglial JJ O
activation NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
innate JJ O
neuroinflammatory JJ O
pathways NNS O
and CC O
behavioral JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
, , O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
described VBN O
in IN O
autism NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
provides VBZ O
a DT O
useful JJ O
animal NN O
model NN O
for IN O
understanding VBG O
the DT O
neuropathological JJ O
processes NNS O
underlying VBG O
autism JJ B-Disease
spectrum NN I-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Upregulation NN O
of IN O
brain NN O
expression NN O
of IN O
P NN O
- HYPH O
glycoprotein NN O
in IN O
MRP2 NN O
- HYPH O
deficient JJ O
TR NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
resembles VBZ O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
up IN O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
efflux NN O
transporter NN O
in IN O
normal JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
The DT O
multidrug NN O
resistance NN O
protein NN O
2 CD O
( , O
MRP2 NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
drug NN O
efflux NN O
transporter NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
expressed VBN O
predominantly RB O
at IN O
the DT O
apical JJ O
domain NN O
of IN O
hepatocytes NNS O
but CC O
seems VBZ O
also RB O
to TO O
be VB O
expressed VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
apical JJ O
membrane NN O
of IN O
brain NN O
capillary JJ O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
that WDT O
form VBP O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
( , O
BBB NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MRP2 NNP O
is VBZ O
absent JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
transport NN O
- HYPH O
deficient JJ O
( -LRB- O
TR NN O
( -LRB- O
- : O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
Wistar NNP O
rat NN O
mutant NN O
, , O
so IN O
that IN O
this DT O
rat NN O
strain NN O
was VBD O
very RB O
helpful JJ O
in IN O
defining VBG O
substrates NNS O
of IN O
MRP2 NNP O
by IN O
comparing VBG O
tissue NN O
concentrations NNS O
or CC O
functional JJ O
activities NNS O
of IN O
compounds NNS O
in IN O
MRP2 NN O
- HYPH O
deficient JJ O
rats NNS O
with IN O
those DT O
in IN O
transport NN O
- HYPH O
competent JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
using VBG O
this DT O
strategy NN O
to TO O
study VB O
the DT O
involvement NN O
of IN O
MRP2 NNP O
in IN O
brain NN O
access NN O
of IN O
antiepileptic JJ O
drugs NNS O
( -LRB- O
AEDs NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
we PRP O
recently RB O
reported VBD O
that IN O
phenytoin NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
substrate NN O
for IN O
MRP2 NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
one CD O
drawback NN O
of IN O
such JJ O
studies NNS O
in IN O
genetically RB O
deficient JJ O
rats NNS O
is VBZ O
the DT O
fact NN O
that IN O
compensatory JJ O
changes NNS O
with IN O
upregulation NN O
of IN O
other JJ O
transporters NNS O
can MD O
occur VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
prompted VBD O
us PRP O
to TO O
study VB O
the DT O
brain NN O
expression NN O
of IN O
P NNP O
- HYPH O
glycoprotein NN O
( , O
Pgp NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
major JJ O
drug NN O
efflux NN O
transporter NN O
in IN O
many JJ O
tissues NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
, , O
in IN O
TR NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
nonmutant JJ O
( , O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
) SYM O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
MRP2 NN O
and CC O
Pgp NNP O
in IN O
brain NN O
and CC O
liver NN O
sections NNS O
of IN O
TR NN O
( , O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
and CC O
normal JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
with IN O
immunohistochemistry NN O
, , O
by IN O
using VBG O
a DT O
novel JJ O
, , O
highly RB O
selective JJ O
monoclonal JJ O
MRP2 NN O
antibody NN O
and CC O
the DT O
monoclonal JJ O
Pgp NNP O
antibody NN O
C219 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Immunofluorescence NN O
staining VBG O
with IN O
the DT O
MRP2 NNP O
antibody NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
label VB O
a DT O
high JJ O
number NN O
of IN O
microvessels NNS O
throughout IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
in IN O
normal JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
such JJ O
labeling NN O
was VBD O
absent JJ O
in IN O
TR NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TR NN O
( : O
- : O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
exhibited VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
up JJ O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
Pgp NNP O
in IN O
brain NN O
capillary JJ O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
such JJ O
obvious JJ O
upregulation NN O
of IN O
Pgp NNP O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
liver NN O
sections NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
comparable JJ O
overexpression NN O
of IN O
Pgp NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
was VBD O
obtained VBN O
after IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Experiments NNS O
with IN O
systemic JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Pgp NNP O
substrate NN O
phenobarbital NN O
and CC O
the DT O
selective JJ O
Pgp NN O
inhibitor NN O
tariquidar NN O
in IN O
TR NN O
( , O
- : O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
substantiated VBD O
that IN O
Pgp NNP O
is VBZ O
functional JJ O
and CC O
compensates VBZ O
for IN O
the DT O
lack NN O
of IN O
MRP2 NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
data NNS O
on IN O
TR NN O
( : O
- : O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
Pgp NNP O
plays VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
compensation NN O
of IN O
MRP2 NN O
deficiency NN O
in IN O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
such PDT O
a DT O
compensatory JJ O
mechanism NN O
most RBS O
likely RB O
occurs VBZ O
to TO O
reduce VB O
injury NN B-Disease
to IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
brain NN I-Disease
from IN O
cytotoxic JJ O
compounds NNS O
, , O
the DT O
present JJ O
data NNS O
substantiate VBP O
the DT O
concept NN O
that IN O
MRP2 NNP O
performs VBZ O
a DT O
protective JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
our PRP$ O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
TR NNP O
( -LRB- O
- : O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
are VBP O
an DT O
interesting JJ O
tool NN O
to TO O
study VB O
consequences NNS O
of IN O
overexpression NN O
of IN O
Pgp NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
on IN O
access NN O
of IN O
drugs NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
, , O
without IN O
the DT O
need NN O
of IN O
inducing VBG O
seizures NNS B-Disease
or CC O
other JJ O
Pgp NNP O
- HYPH O
enhancing VBG O
events NNS O
for IN O
this DT O
purpose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Role NN O
of IN O
xanthine NN O
oxidase NN O
in IN O
dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
1 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glucocorticoid NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
GC NN O
- HYPH O
HT NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
- HYPH O
redox NN O
imbalance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
2 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
studied VBD O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
xanthine NN O
oxidase NN O
( , O
XO NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
production NN O
of IN O
reactive JJ O
oxygen NN O
species NNS O
, , O
in IN O
dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
( : O
dex NN O
- HYPH O
HT NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
3 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
male JJ O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
divided VBN O
randomly RB O
into IN O
four CD O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
: : O
saline NN O
, , O
dexamethasone NN O
( HYPH O
dex NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
allopurinol NN O
plus CC O
saline NN O
, , O
and CC O
allopurinol NN O
plus CC O
dex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
4 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressures NNS O
( -LRB- O
SBP NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
bodyweights NNS O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
each DT O
alternate JJ O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thymus NNP O
weight NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
marker NN O
of IN O
glucocorticoid JJ O
activity NN O
, , O
and CC O
serum NN O
urate NN O
to TO O
assess VB O
XO NNP O
inhibition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
5 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dex NNP O
increased VBD B-Disease
SBP NNP I-Disease
( SYM O
110 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
- SYM O
126 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
3 CD O
mmHg NN O
; : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
decreased VBN B-Disease
thymus NN I-Disease
( : I-Disease
P NN I-Disease
< SYM I-Disease
0 CD I-Disease
. . I-Disease
001 CD I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
bodyweights NNS I-Disease
( -LRB- O
P NN O
"""" '' O
< : O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Allopurinol NNP O
decreased VBD O
serum NN O
urate NN O
from IN O
76 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
5 CD O
to TO O
30 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
3 CD O
micromol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
saline NN O
and CC O
from IN O
84 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
13 CD O
to TO O
28 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
micromol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
in IN O
dex NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
6 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Allopurinol NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
prevent VB O
dex NN O
- HYPH O
HT NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
, , O
together RB O
with IN O
our PRP$ O
previous JJ O
findings NNS O
that IN O
allopurinol NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
prevent VB O
adrenocorticotrophic JJ O
hormone NN O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
XO NNP O
activity NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
a DT O
major JJ O
determinant NN O
of IN O
GC NNP O
- HYPH O
HT NNP B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
postoperative JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
and CC O
gentamicin NN O
into IN O
the DT O
posterior JJ O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
Tenon NNP O
' POS O
s NN O
space NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
To TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ O
emetic JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
and CC O
gentamicin NN O
into IN O
the DT O
posterior JJ O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
Tenon NNP O
' POS O
s NNS O
space NN O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
routine JJ O
cataract NN B-Disease
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING NN O
: : O
St NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Luke NNP O
' POS O
s NNP O
Hospital NNP O
, , O
Gwardamangia NNP O
, , O
Malta NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
armed VBN O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
comprised VBD O
40 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
uneventful JJ O
sutureless JJ O
phacoemulsification NN O
under IN O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
Tenon NNP O
' POS O
s NN O
local JJ O
infiltration NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
mL NN O
of IN O
plain JJ O
lignocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
, , O
Group NNP O
A NNP O
( : O
n NNP O
= SYM O
20 CD O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
20 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mL NN O
of IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
and CC O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mL NN O
of IN O
gentamicin NN O
injected VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
posterior JJ O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
Tenon NNP O
' POS O
s NN O
space NN O
and CC O
Group NNP O
B NNP O
( , O
n NNP O
= SYM O
20 CD O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
the DT O
same JJ O
combination NN O
injected VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
anterior JJ O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
Tenon NNP O
' POS O
s NNS O
space NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postoperatively RB O
, , O
all DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
for IN O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , I-Disease
vomiting NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
headache NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
chi JJ O
- HYPH O
square NN O
test NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
statistical JJ O
significance NN O
of IN O
results NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Sixty CD O
percent NN O
in IN O
Group NNP O
A NNP O
developed VBD O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
emetic JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
, , O
headache NN B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
both DT O
; : O
1 CD O
patient NN O
in IN O
Group NNP O
B NNP O
developed VBD O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
and CC O
gentamicin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
posterior JJ O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
Tenon NNP O
' POS O
s NN O
space NN O
was VBD O
related VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
including VBG O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , I-Disease
vomiting NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
headache NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
self NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Assessment NN O
of IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
invasive JJ O
index NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
performance NN O
for IN O
detection NN O
of IN O
dobutamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Electrocardiography NN O
has VBZ O
a DT O
very RB O
low JJ O
sensitivity NN O
in IN O
detecting VBG O
dobutamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
added VBN O
diagnostic JJ O
value NN O
of IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
cardiac JJ O
performance NN O
index NN O
( , O
dP NN O
/ SYM O
dtejc NN O
) -RRB- O
measurement NN O
, , O
based VBN O
on IN O
brachial JJ O
artery NN O
flow NN O
changes NNS O
, , O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
standard JJ O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
lead NN O
ECG NNP O
, , O
for IN O
detecting VBG O
dobutamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
, , O
using VBG O
Tc99m NNP O
- HYPH O
Sestamibi NNP O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
photon NN O
emission NN O
computed VBN O
tomography NN O
as IN O
the DT O
gold JJ O
standard NN O
of IN O
comparison NN O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
presence NN O
or CC O
absence NN O
of IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
study NN O
group NN O
comprised VBD O
40 CD O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
Sestamibi NNP O
- HYPH O
SPECT NNP O
/ SYM O
dobutamine NN O
stress NN O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Simultaneous JJ O
measurements NNS O
of IN O
ECG NNP O
and CC O
brachial JJ O
artery NN O
dP NN O
/ SYM O
dtejc NN O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
at IN O
each DT O
dobutamine NN O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
19 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
40 CD O
patients NNS O
perfusion NN O
defects NNS O
compatible JJ O
with IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
detected VBN O
on IN O
SPECT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
dP NNP O
/ SYM O
dtejc NN O
during IN O
infusion NN O
of IN O
dobutamine NN O
in IN O
this DT O
group NN O
was VBD O
severely RB O
impaired VBN O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
ischemic JJ O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
dP NN O
/ SYM O
dtejc NN O
outcome NN O
was VBD O
combined VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
ECG NNP O
results NNS O
, , O
giving VBG O
an DT O
ECG NNP O
- HYPH O
enhanced VBN O
value NN O
, , O
and CC O
compared VBN O
to IN O
ECG NNP O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
sensitivity NN O
improved VBD O
dramatically RB O
from IN O
16 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
79 CD O
% NN O
, , O
positive JJ O
predictive JJ O
value NN O
increased VBD O
from IN O
60 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
68 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
negative JJ O
predictive JJ O
value NN O
from IN O
54 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
78 CD O
% NN O
, , O
and CC O
specificity NN O
decreased VBD O
from IN O
90 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
67 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
If IN O
ECG NNP O
alone RB O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
for IN O
specificity NN O
, , O
the DT O
combination NN O
with IN O
dP NNP O
/ SYM O
dtejc NNP O
improved VBD O
the DT O
sensitivity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
test NN O
and CC O
could MD O
be VB O
a DT O
cost NN O
- HYPH O
savings NNS O
alternative NN O
to IN O
cardiac JJ O
imaging NN O
or CC O
perfusion NN O
studies NNS O
to TO O
detect VB O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
, , O
especially RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
unable JJ O
to TO O
exercise VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
: : O
clinical JJ O
observations NNS O
and CC O
pathogenetic JJ O
considerations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
and CC O
experimental JJ O
data NNS O
published VBN O
to IN O
date NN O
suggest VBP O
several JJ O
possible JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
by IN O
which WDT O
cocaine NN O
may MD O
result VB O
in IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
myocardial JJ I-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
individuals NNS O
with IN O
preexisting JJ O
, , O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
grade NN O
coronary JJ O
arterial JJ O
narrowing NN O
, , O
acute JJ B-Disease
myocardial JJ I-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
may MD O
result VB O
from IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
myocardial JJ O
oxygen NN O
demand NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
rate NN O
- HYPH O
pressure NN O
product NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
other JJ O
individuals NNS O
with IN O
no DT O
underlying VBG O
atherosclerotic JJ B-Disease
obstruction NN I-Disease
, , O
coronary JJ B-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
due JJ O
to IN O
spasm NN B-Disease
, , O
thrombus NN B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
both DT O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
regard NN O
to IN O
spasm NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
findings NNS O
are VBP O
largely RB O
circumstantial JJ O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
locus NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
vasoconstriction NN O
remains VBZ O
speculative JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
certain JJ O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
experimental JJ O
findings NNS O
support VBP O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
spasm NN B-Disease
involves VBZ O
the DT O
epicardial JJ O
, , O
medium JJ O
- HYPH O
size NN O
vessels NNS O
, , O
other JJ O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
intramural JJ O
vasoconstriction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diffuse JJ O
intramural JJ O
vasoconstriction NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
reports NNS O
of IN O
segmental JJ O
, , O
discrete JJ O
infarction NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whereas IN O
certain JJ O
in IN O
vivo NN O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
these DT O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
, , O
other JJ O
in FW O
vitro FW O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
the DT O
opposite NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
finding NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
vasoconstriction NN O
in IN O
segments NNS O
of IN O
( : O
noninnervated JJ O
) , O
human JJ O
umbilical JJ O
artery NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
or CC O
absence NN O
of IN O
intact JJ O
innervation NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
sufficient JJ O
to TO O
explain VB O
the DT O
discrepant JJ O
data NNS O
involving VBG O
the DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
the DT O
contribution NN O
of IN O
a DT O
primary JJ O
, , O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
excluded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteomic JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
striatal JJ O
proteins NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
of IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
DOPA NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
L NN O
- HYPH O
DOPA NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
( , O
LID NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
among IN O
the DT O
motor NN O
complications NNS O
that WDT O
arise VBP O
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
PD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
patients NNS O
after IN O
a DT O
prolonged JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
DOPA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
this DT O
day NN O
, , O
transcriptome NN O
analysis NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
performed VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
of IN O
LID NNP B-Disease
[ -LRB- O
Neurobiol NNP O
. . O
Dis NNP O
. . O
, , O
17 CD O
( SYM O
2004 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
219 CD O
] -RRB- O
but CC O
information NN O
regarding VBG O
the DT O
proteome NN O
is VBZ O
still RB O
lacking VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
changes NNS O
occurring VBG O
at IN O
the DT O
protein NN O
level NN O
in IN O
striatal JJ O
samples NNS O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
unilaterally RB O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxydopamine NN O
- HYPH O
lesion NN O
rat NN O
model NN O
of IN O
PD NN B-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
, , O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
DOPA NNP O
or CC O
bromocriptine NN O
using VBG O
two CD O
- HYPH O
dimensional JJ O
difference NN O
gel NN O
electrophoresis NN O
and CC O
mass NN O
spectrometry NN O
( , O
MS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
DOPA NNP O
were VBD O
allocated VBN O
to IN O
two CD O
groups NNS O
based VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
or CC O
absence NN O
of IN O
LID NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
the DT O
2000 CD O
spots NNS O
compared VBN O
for IN O
statistical JJ O
difference NN O
, , O
67 CD O
spots NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
changed VBN O
in IN O
abundance NN O
and CC O
identified VBN O
using VBG O
matrix NN O
- HYPH O
assisted VBN O
laser NN O
desorption NN O
/ SYM O
ionization NN O
time NN O
- HYPH O
of IN O
- HYPH O
flight NN O
MS NNP O
, , O
atmospheric JJ O
pressure NN O
matrix NN O
- HYPH O
assisted VBN O
laser NN O
desorption NN O
/ SYM O
ionization NN O
and CC O
HPLC NNP O
coupled VBN O
tandem NN O
MS NNP O
( , O
LC NNP O
/ SYM O
MS NNP O
/ SYM O
MS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Out IN O
of IN O
these DT O
67 CD O
proteins NNS O
, , O
LID NNP B-Disease
significantly RB O
changed VBD O
the DT O
expression NN O
level NN O
of IN O
five CD O
proteins NNS O
: : O
alphabeta NN O
- HYPH O
crystalin NN O
, , O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
enolase NN O
, , O
guanidoacetate NN O
methyltransferase NN O
, , O
vinculin NN O
, , O
and CC O
proteasome NN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
subunit NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Complementary JJ O
techniques NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
western JJ O
immunoblotting NN O
and CC O
immunohistochemistry NN O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
validity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
data NNS O
obtained VBN O
using VBG O
the DT O
proteomic JJ O
approach NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
this DT O
study NN O
provides VBZ O
new JJ O
insights NNS O
into IN O
the DT O
protein NN O
changes NNS O
occurring VBG O
in IN O
LID NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac NNP O
Angiography NNP O
in IN O
Renally NNP O
Impaired NNP O
Patients NNPS O
( -LRB- O
CARE NNP O
) -RRB- O
study NN O
: : O
a DT O
randomized JJ O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
trial NN O
of IN O
contrast NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
No DT O
direct JJ O
comparisons NNS O
exist VBP O
of IN O
the DT O
renal JJ O
tolerability NN O
of IN O
the DT O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
osmolality NN O
contrast NN O
medium NN O
iopamidol NN O
with IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
iso JJ O
- HYPH O
osmolality NN O
contrast NN O
medium NN O
iodixanol NN O
in IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
AND CC O
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
multicenter JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
comparison NN O
of IN O
iopamidol NN O
and CC O
iodixanol NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
estimated VBN O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
, , O
20 CD O
to TO O
59 CD O
mL NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
) , O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
cardiac JJ O
angiography NN O
or CC O
percutaneous JJ O
coronary JJ O
interventions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
creatinine NN O
( , O
SCr NNP O
) -RRB- O
levels NNS O
and CC O
estimated VBN O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
to TO O
5 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
receiving VBG O
medications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
primary JJ O
outcome NN O
was VBD O
a DT O
postdose JJ O
SCr NN O
increase NN O
> : O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
dL CD O
( SYM O
44 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
micromol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
) -RRB- O
over IN O
baseline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Secondary JJ O
outcomes NNS O
were VBD O
a DT O
postdose JJ O
SCr NN O
increase NN O
> : O
or CC O
= SYM O
25 CD O
% NN O
, , O
a DT O
postdose JJ O
estimated VBN O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
decrease NN O
of IN O
> : O
or CC O
= SYM O
25 CD O
% NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
mean JJ O
peak NN O
change NN O
in IN O
SCr NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
414 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
contrast NN O
volume NN O
, , O
presence NN O
of IN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
, , O
use NN O
of IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
acetylcysteine NN O
, , O
mean JJ O
baseline NN O
SCr NNP O
, , O
and CC O
estimated VBN O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
were VBD O
comparable JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
2 CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SCr NN O
increases VBZ O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
4 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
( , O
9 CD O
of IN O
204 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
iopamidol NN O
and CC O
6 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
( , O
14 CD O
of IN O
210 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
iodixanol NN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
39 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
whereas IN O
rates NNS O
of IN O
SCr NN O
increases VBZ O
> : O
or CC O
= SYM O
25 CD O
% NN O
were VBD O
9 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
12 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
44 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
, , O
SCr NNP O
increases VBZ O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
were VBD O
5 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
( , O
4 CD O
of IN O
78 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
iopamidol NN O
and CC O
13 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
( , O
12 CD O
of IN O
92 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
iodixanol NN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
11 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
whereas IN O
SCr NN O
increases VBZ O
> : O
or CC O
= SYM O
25 CD O
% NN O
were VBD O
10 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
15 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
37 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean JJ O
post NN O
- HYPH O
SCr NN O
increases VBZ O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
less JJR O
with IN O
iopamidol NN O
( , O
all DT O
patients NNS O
: : O
0 CD O
. . O
07 CD O
versus IN O
0 CD O
. . O
12 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
, , O
6 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
versus IN O
10 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
micromol NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
, , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
; : O
patients NNS O
with IN O
diabetes NNS B-Disease
: : O
0 CD O
. . O
07 CD O
versus IN O
0 CD O
. . O
16 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
, , O
6 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
versus IN O
14 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
micromol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
, , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
contrast NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
, , O
defined VBN O
by IN O
multiple JJ O
end NN O
points NNS O
, , O
is VBZ O
not RB O
statistically RB O
different JJ O
after IN O
the DT O
intraarterial JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
iopamidol NN O
or CC O
iodixanol NN O
to IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
patients NNS O
, , O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Any DT O
true JJ O
difference NN O
between IN O
the DT O
agents NNS O
is VBZ O
small JJ O
and CC O
not RB O
likely JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
clinically RB O
significant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
novel JJ O
compound NN O
, , O
maltolyl NN O
p NN O
- HYPH O
coumarate NN O
, , O
attenuates VBZ O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
and CC O
shows VBZ O
neuroprotective JJ O
effects NNS O
in IN O
vitro FW O
and CC O
in IN O
vivo NN O
dementia NN B-Disease
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
develop VB O
a DT O
novel JJ O
and CC O
effective JJ O
drug NN O
that WDT O
could MD O
enhance VB O
cognitive JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
neuroprotection NN O
, , O
we PRP O
newly RB O
synthesized VBN O
maltolyl NN O
p NN O
- HYPH O
coumarate NN O
by IN O
the DT O
esterification NN O
of IN O
maltol NN O
and CC O
p NN O
- HYPH O
coumaric NN O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
whether IN O
maltolyl NN O
p NN O
- HYPH O
coumarate NN O
could MD O
improve VB O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
decline NN I-Disease
in IN O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
injected VBN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
in IN O
amyloid NN O
beta NN O
peptide NN O
( -LRB- O
1 CD O
- SYM O
42 CD O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
infused VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Maltolyl NNP O
p NN O
- HYPH O
coumarate NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
attenuate VB O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
rat NN O
models NNS O
using VBG O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
test NN O
and CC O
to TO O
reduce VB O
apoptotic JJ O
cell NN O
death NN O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
of IN O
the DT O
amyloid NN O
beta NN O
peptide NN O
( : O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
42 CD O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
infused VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
also RB O
examined VBD O
the DT O
neuroprotective JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
maltolyl NN O
p NN O
- HYPH O
coumarate NN O
in IN O
vitro FW O
using VBG O
SH NNP O
- HYPH O
SY5Y NNP O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cells NNS O
were VBD O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
maltolyl NN O
p NN O
- HYPH O
coumarate NN O
, , O
before IN O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
amyloid NN O
beta NN O
peptide NN O
( , O
1 CD O
- SYM O
42 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
glutamate NN O
or CC O
H2O2 NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
maltolyl NN O
p NN O
- HYPH O
coumarate NN O
significantly RB O
decreased VBD O
apoptotic JJ O
cell NN O
death NN O
and CC O
reduced VBD O
reactive JJ O
oxygen NN O
species NNS O
, , O
cytochrome NN O
c NN O
release NN O
, , O
and CC O
caspase NN O
3 CD O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Taking VBG O
these DT O
in IN O
vitro NN O
and CC O
in IN O
vivo NN O
results NNS O
together RB O
, , O
our PRP$ O
study NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
maltolyl NN O
p NN O
- HYPH O
coumarate NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
potentially RB O
effective JJ O
candidate NN O
against IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
that WDT O
is VBZ O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
wide JJ O
spread NN O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
death NN I-Disease
and CC O
progressive JJ O
decline NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
cognitive JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Attenuation NN O
of IN O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nigrostriatal JJ O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
by IN O
lipopolysaccharide NN O
pretreatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunological JJ O
activation NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
proposed VBN O
to TO O
play VB O
a DT O
role NN O
in IN O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dopaminergic JJ B-Disease
terminal JJ I-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
examined VBD O
the DT O
roles NNS O
of IN O
lipopolysaccharide NN O
, , O
a DT O
pro JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
and CC O
inflammatory JJ O
factor NN O
, , O
treatment NN O
in IN O
modulating VBG O
the DT O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nigrostriatal JJ O
dopamine NN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lipopolysaccharide NNP O
pretreatment NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
basal JJ O
body NN O
temperature NN O
or CC O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
elicited VBN O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
three CD O
days NNS O
later RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
systemic JJ O
lipopolysaccharide NN O
treatment NN O
mitigated VBD O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
striatal JJ O
dopamine NN O
and CC O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydroxyphenylacetic NN O
acid NN O
depletions NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
potent JJ O
dose NN O
( : O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
lipopolysaccharide NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
two CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
one CD O
day NN O
before IN O
or CC O
after IN O
the DT O
methamphetamine NN O
dosing NN O
regimen NN O
, , O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
striatal JJ O
dopamine NN O
and CC O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydroxyphenylacetic NN O
acid NN O
depletions NNS O
remained VBD O
unaltered JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
systemic JJ O
lipopolysaccharide NN O
pretreatment NN O
( , O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
attenuated VBN O
local JJ O
methamphetamine NN O
infusion NN O
- HYPH O
produced VBN O
dopamine NN O
and CC O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydroxyphenylacetic NN O
acid NN O
depletions NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
the DT O
protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
lipopolysaccharide NN O
is VBZ O
less RBR O
likely JJ O
due IN O
to IN O
interrupted VBN O
peripheral JJ O
distribution NN O
or CC O
metabolism NN O
of IN O
methamphetamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
concluded VBD O
a DT O
critical JJ O
time NN O
window NN O
for IN O
systemic JJ O
lipopolysaccharide NN O
pretreatment NN O
in IN O
exerting VBG O
effective JJ O
protection NN O
against IN O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nigrostriatal JJ O
dopamine NN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
myocarditis NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
clozapine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
myocarditis NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
commencement NN O
of IN O
clozapine NN O
is VBZ O
described VBN O
, , O
highlighting VBG O
the DT O
onset NN O
, , O
course NN O
and CC O
possible JJ O
contributing VBG O
factors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
an DT O
urgent JJ O
need NN O
to TO O
raise VB O
awareness NN O
about IN O
this DT O
potentially RB O
fatal JJ O
complication NN O
of IN O
clozapine NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male NN O
with IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
a DT O
sudden JJ O
onset NN O
of IN O
myocarditis NN B-Disease
after IN O
commencement NN O
of IN O
clozapine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
recovered VBD O
with IN O
intensive JJ O
medical JJ O
support NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
symptoms NNS O
occurred VBD O
around IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
starting VBG O
clozapine NN O
in IN O
an DT O
inpatient JJ O
setting NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
contributing VBG O
factors NNS O
may MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
concomitant JJ O
antidepressant JJ O
use NN O
and CC O
unaccustomed JJ O
physical JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Myocarditis NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
an DT O
increasingly RB O
recognized VBN O
complication NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
clozapine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
can MD O
be VB O
fatal JJ O
if IN O
not RB O
recognized VBN O
and CC O
treated VBN O
early RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Considering VBG O
that IN O
clozapine NN O
remains VBZ O
the DT O
gold JJ O
standard NN O
in IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
resistant JJ O
psychosis NN B-Disease
, , O
there EX O
is VBZ O
an DT O
urgent JJ O
need NN O
to TO O
raise VB O
awareness NN O
among IN O
medical JJ O
and CC O
paramedical JJ O
staff NN O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
care NN O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
are VBP O
also RB O
implications NNS O
for IN O
recommendations NNS O
and CC O
regulations NNS O
regarding VBG O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
clozapine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
rhabdomyolysis NN B-Disease
and CC O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
concomitant JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
simvastatin NN O
, , O
amiodarone NN O
, , O
and CC O
atazanavir NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
severe JJ O
interaction NN O
between IN O
simvastatin NN O
, , O
amiodarone NN O
, , O
and CC O
atazanavir NN O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
rhabdomyolysis NN B-Disease
and CC O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
A DT O
72 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
white JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
underlying VBG O
human JJ B-Disease
immunodeficiency NN I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
, , O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
, , O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
hyperlipidemia NN B-Disease
presented VBN O
with IN O
generalized VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
, , O
fatigue NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
dark JJ O
orange NN O
urine NN O
for IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
taking VBG O
80 CD O
mg NN O
simvastatin NN O
at IN O
bedtime NN O
( , O
initiated VBN O
27 CD O
days NNS O
earlier RBR O
) -RRB- O
; : O
amiodarone NN O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
400 CD O
mg NNS O
daily RB O
for IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
then RB O
200 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
( , O
initiated VBN O
19 CD O
days NNS O
earlier RBR O
) -RRB- O
; : O
and CC O
400 CD O
mg NN O
atazanavir NN O
daily RB O
( , O
initiated VBN O
at IN O
least JJS O
2 CD O
years NNS O
previously RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Laboratory NN O
evaluation NN O
revealed VBD O
66 CD O
, , O
680 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
creatine JJ O
kinase NN O
, , O
93 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
blood NN O
urea NN O
nitrogen NN O
, , O
4 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
creatinine NN O
, , O
1579 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
aspartate NN O
aminotransferase NN O
, , O
and CC O
738 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
alanine NN O
aminotransferase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Simvastatin NNP O
, , O
amiodarone NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NN O
human JJ B-Disease
immunodeficiency NN I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
medications NNS O
were VBD O
all DT O
temporarily RB O
discontinued VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
forced VBN O
alkaline NN O
diuresis NN O
and CC O
started VBN O
on IN O
dialysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nine CD O
days NNS O
later RBR O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
creatine NN O
kinase NN O
had VBD O
dropped VBN O
to IN O
1695 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
and CC O
creatinine NN O
was VBD O
3 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
discharged VBN O
and CC O
continued VBN O
outpatient JJ O
dialysis NN O
for IN O
1 CD O
month NN O
until IN O
his PRP$ O
renal JJ O
function NN O
recovered VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
rhabdomyolysis NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
increased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
concomitant JJ O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
inhibit VBP O
simvastatin JJ O
metabolism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Simvastatin NNP O
is VBZ O
metabolized VBN O
by IN O
CYP3A4 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amiodarone NNP O
and CC O
atazanavir NN O
are VBP O
recognized VBN O
CYP3A4 NNP O
inhibitors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Pharmacokinetic JJ O
differences NNS O
in IN O
statins NNS O
are VBP O
an DT O
important JJ O
consideration NN O
for IN O
assessing VBG O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
potential JJ O
drug NN O
interactions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
requiring VBG O
the DT O
concurrent JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
statins NNS O
and CC O
CYP3A4 NN O
inhibitors NNS O
, , O
pravastatin NN O
, , O
fluvastatin NN O
, , O
and CC O
rosuvastatin NN O
carry VBP O
the DT O
lowest JJS O
risk NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
interactions NNS O
; : O
atorvastatin NN O
carries VBZ O
moderate JJ O
risk NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
simvastatin NN O
and CC O
lovastatin NN O
have VBP O
the DT O
highest JJS O
risk NN O
and CC O
should MD O
be VB O
avoided VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
taking VBG O
concomitant JJ O
CYP3A4 NNP O
inhibitors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Interaction NN O
between IN O
warfarin NN O
and CC O
levofloxacin NN O
: : O
case NN O
series NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Warfarin NNP O
is VBZ O
the DT O
most RBS O
widely RB O
used VBN O
oral JJ O
anticoagulant NN O
and CC O
is VBZ O
indicated VBN O
for IN O
many JJ O
clinical JJ O
conditions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Levofloxacin NNP O
, , O
a DT O
fluoroquinolone NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
commonly RB O
prescribed VBN O
antibiotics NNS O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
practice NN O
and CC O
is VBZ O
effective JJ O
against IN O
Gram NNP O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
, , O
Gram NNP O
- HYPH O
negative JJ O
, , O
and CC O
atypical JJ O
bacteria NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
small JJ O
prospective JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
not RB O
revealed VBN O
any DT O
significant JJ O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
interaction NN O
between IN O
warfarin NN O
and CC O
levofloxacin NN O
, , O
several JJ O
case NN O
reports NNS O
have VBP O
indicated VBN O
that IN O
levofloxacin NN O
may MD O
significantly RB O
potentiate VB O
the DT O
anticoagulation NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
warfarin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
3 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
serious JJ O
bleeding NN B-Disease
complications NNS O
that WDT O
appear VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
the DT O
result NN O
of IN O
the DT O
interaction NN O
between IN O
warfarin NN O
and CC O
levofloxacin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Physicians NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
potential JJ O
interaction NN O
and CC O
use VBP O
caution NN O
when WRB O
prescribing VBG O
levofloxacin NN O
to IN O
patients NNS O
taking VBG O
warfarin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mutations NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
lamivudine NN O
- HYPH O
resistance NN O
in IN O
therapy NN O
- HYPH O
na NN O
ve IN O
hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
( -LRB- I-Disease
HBV NNP I-Disease
) , I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
HIV NNP B-Disease
co NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
: : O
implications NNS O
for IN O
antiretroviral JJ O
therapy NN O
in IN O
HBV NNP B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
HIV NNP I-Disease
co NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
South JJ O
African JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
an DT O
exploratory JJ O
study NN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
lamivudine NN O
- HYPH O
resistant JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
virus NN O
( -LRB- O
HBV NNP O
) -RRB- O
strains NNS O
in IN O
selected VBN O
lamivudine NN O
- HYPH O
na FW O
ve FW O
HBV NNP O
carriers NNS O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
human JJ B-Disease
immunodeficiency NN I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
( , I-Disease
HIV NNP I-Disease
) , I-Disease
co NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
in IN O
South JJ O
African JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
lamivudine NN O
- HYPH O
na NN O
ve IN O
HBV NNP B-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
HIV NNP B-Disease
co NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
were VBD O
studied VBN O
: : O
15 CD O
chronic JJ O
HBV NN B-Disease
mono NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
patients NNS O
and CC O
20 CD O
HBV NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
HIV NNP I-Disease
co NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
latter JJ O
group NN O
was VBD O
further RB O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
divided VBN O
into IN O
13 CD O
occult JJ O
HBV NN O
( , O
HBsAg NNP O
- HYPH O
negative JJ O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
7 CD O
overt JJ O
HBV NN O
( , O
HBsAg NNP O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
) -RRB- O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
HBsAg NNP O
, , O
anti CC O
- HYPH O
HBs NNS O
, , O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
HBc NN O
, , O
and CC O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
HIV NN O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
as IN O
part NN O
of IN O
routine JJ O
diagnosis NN O
using VBG O
Axsym NNP O
assays NNS O
( : O
Abbott NNP O
Laboratories NNP O
, , O
North NNP O
Chicago NNP O
, , O
IL NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
PCR NN O
amplified VBN O
with IN O
HBV NN O
reverse JJ O
transcriptase NN O
( -LRB- O
RT NNP O
) -RRB- O
primers NNS O
, , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
direct JJ O
sequencing NN O
across IN O
the DT O
tyrosine NN O
- HYPH O
methionine NN O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( -LRB- O
YMDD NN O
) -RRB- O
motif NN O
of IN O
the DT O
major JJ O
catalytic JJ O
region NN O
in IN O
the DT O
C NNP O
domain NN O
of IN O
the DT O
HBV NNP O
RT NNP O
enzyme NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
HBV NN O
viral JJ O
load NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
with IN O
Amplicor NNP O
HBV NNP O
Monitor NNP O
test NN O
v2 NN O
. . O
0 CD O
( , O
Roche NNP O
Diagnostics NNP O
, , O
Penzberg NNP O
, , O
Germany NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
HBV NNP O
lamivudine NN O
- HYPH O
resistant JJ O
strains NNS O
were VBD O
detected VBN O
in IN O
3 CD O
of IN O
15 CD O
mono NN O
- HYPH O
infected VBN O
chronic JJ O
hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
patients NNS O
and CC O
10 CD O
of IN O
20 CD O
HBV NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
HIV NNP I-Disease
co NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
the DT O
best JJS O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
knowledge NN O
, , O
this DT O
constitutes VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
report NN O
of IN O
HBV NNP O
lamivudine NN O
- HYPH O
resistant JJ O
strains NNS O
in IN O
therapy NN O
- HYPH O
na NN O
ve IN O
HBV NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
HIV NNP I-Disease
co NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
HBV NNP O
viral JJ O
loads NNS O
for IN O
mono NN O
- HYPH O
infected VBN O
and CC O
co NN O
- HYPH O
infected VBN O
patients NNS O
ranged VBD O
from IN O
3 CD O
. . O
32 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) CD O
to IN O
3 CD O
. . O
82 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
7 CD O
) SYM O
and CC O
< $ O
200 CD O
to TO O
4 CD O
. . O
40 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
3 CD O
) SYM O
copies NNS O
/ SYM O
ml NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
remains VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
seen VBN O
whether IN O
such JJ O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
existing VBG O
antiviral JJ O
mutations NNS O
could MD O
result VB O
in IN O
widespread JJ O
emergence NN O
of IN O
HBV NNP O
resistant JJ O
strains NNS O
when WRB O
lamivudine NN O
- , O
containing VBG O
highly RB O
active JJ O
antiretroviral JJ O
( -LRB- O
ARV NN O
) -RRB- O
treatment NN O
( -LRB- O
HAART NNP O
) -RRB- O
regimens NNS O
become VBP O
widely RB O
applied VBN O
in IN O
South NNP O
Africa NNP O
, , O
as IN O
this DT O
is VBZ O
likely JJ O
to TO O
have VB O
potential JJ O
implications NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
management NN O
of IN O
HBV NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
HIV NNP I-Disease
co NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rabbit NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
, , O
antidepressant JJ O
use NN O
, , O
and CC O
cerebral JJ O
perfusion NN O
SPECT NNP O
scan NN O
findings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rabbit NN B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
an DT O
extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
neuroleptic JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Its PRP$ O
occurrence NN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
being VBG O
treated VBN O
with IN O
imipramine NN O
is VBZ O
described VBN O
, , O
representing VBG O
the DT O
first JJ O
reported VBN O
case NN O
of IN O
this DT O
syndrome NN O
in IN O
conjunction NN O
with IN O
antidepressants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Repeated VBN O
cerebral JJ O
perfusion NN O
SPECT NNP O
scans NNS O
revealed VBD O
decreased VBN B-Disease
basal JJ I-Disease
ganglia NN I-Disease
perfusion NN I-Disease
while IN O
the DT O
movement NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
was VBD O
present JJ O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
return NN O
to IN O
normal JJ O
perfusion NN O
when WRB O
the DT O
rabbit NN B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
resolved VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Estrogen NN O
prevents VBZ O
cholesteryl NN O
ester NN O
accumulation NN O
in IN O
macrophages NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
HIV NNP O
protease NN O
inhibitor NN O
ritonavir NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Individuals NNS O
with IN O
HIV NNP O
can MD O
now RB O
live VB O
long JJ O
lives NNS O
with IN O
drug NN O
therapy NN O
that WDT O
often RB O
includes VBZ O
protease NN O
inhibitors NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
ritonavir NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Many JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
develop VBP O
negative JJ O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
premature JJ B-Disease
atherosclerosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
previously RB O
demonstrated VBN O
that IN O
ritonavir NN O
treatment NN O
increases VBZ O
atherosclerotic JJ B-Disease
lesion NN I-Disease
formation NN O
in IN O
male JJ O
mice NNS O
to IN O
a DT O
greater JJR O
extent NN O
than IN O
in IN O
female JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
peripheral JJ O
blood NN O
monocytes NNS O
isolated VBN O
from IN O
ritonavir NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
females NNS O
had VBD O
less JJR O
cholesteryl NN O
ester NN O
accumulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
have VBP O
investigated VBN O
the DT O
molecular JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
by IN O
which WDT O
female JJ O
hormones NNS O
influence VBP O
cholesterol NN O
metabolism NN O
in IN O
macrophages NNS O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
the DT O
HIV NNP O
protease NN O
inhibitor NN O
ritonavir NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
utilized VBN O
the DT O
human JJ O
monocyte NN O
cell NN O
line NN O
, , O
THP NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
as IN O
a DT O
model NN O
to TO O
address VB O
this DT O
question NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Briefly RB O
, , O
cells NNS O
were VBD O
differentiated VBN O
for IN O
72 CD O
h NN O
with IN O
100 CD O
nM NN O
PMA NN O
to TO O
obtain VB O
a DT O
macrophage NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
phenotype NN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
or CC O
absence NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
nM NN O
17beta CD O
- HYPH O
estradiol NN O
( HYPH O
E2 NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
100 CD O
nM NN O
progesterone NN O
or CC O
vehicle NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
% NN O
ethanol NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cells NNS O
were VBD O
then RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
30 CD O
ng CD O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
ritonavir NN O
or CC O
vehicle NN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
aggregated VBN O
LDL NNP O
for IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cell NN O
extracts NNS O
were VBD O
harvested VBN O
, , O
and CC O
lipid NN O
or CC O
total JJ O
RNA NNP O
was VBD O
isolated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
E2 NNP O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
accumulation NN O
of IN O
cholesteryl NN O
esters NNS O
in IN O
macrophages NNS O
following VBG O
ritonavir NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ritonavir NNP O
increased VBD O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
the DT O
scavenger NN O
receptor NN O
, , O
CD36 NNP O
mRNA NNP O
, , O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
uptake NN O
of IN O
LDL NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additionally RB O
, , O
ritonavir NN O
treatment NN O
selectively RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
relative JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
PPARgamma NNP O
mRNA NNP O
, , O
a DT O
transcription NN O
factor NN O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
regulation NN O
of IN O
CD36 NNP O
mRNA NNP O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
with IN O
E2 NNP O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
failed VBD O
to TO O
prevent VB O
these DT O
increases NNS O
at IN O
the DT O
mRNA NNP O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
E2 NNP O
did VBD O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
significantly RB O
suppress VB O
CD36 NN O
protein NN O
levels NNS O
as IN O
measured VBN O
by IN O
fluorescent JJ O
immunocytochemistry NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
data NNS O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
E2 NNP O
modifies VBZ O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
CD36 NNP O
at IN O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
protein NN O
expression NN O
in IN O
monocyte NN O
- HYPH O
derived VBN O
macrophages NNS O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
reduced VBN O
cholesteryl NN O
ester NN O
accumulation NN O
following VBG O
ritonavir NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
attack NN O
after IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
telithromycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTRODUCTION NN O
: : O
Antibiotic NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
rare JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
widespread JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
antimicrobial JJ O
agents NNS O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
occurs VBZ O
frequently RB O
, , O
and CC O
among IN O
adverse JJ B-Disease
drug NN I-Disease
reactions NNS I-Disease
, , O
idiosyncratic JJ O
reactions NNS O
are VBP O
the DT O
most RBS O
serious JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NNP O
SUMMARY NN O
: : O
A DT O
25 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male JJ O
patient NN O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
height NN O
of IN O
175 CD O
cm NN O
and CC O
weight NN O
of IN O
72 CD O
kg NNS O
presented VBN O
to IN O
Marmara NNP O
University NNP O
Hospital NNP O
Emergency NNP O
Department NNP O
, , O
Istanbul NNP O
, , O
Turkey NNP O
, , O
with IN O
5 CD O
days NNS O
' POS O
history NN O
of IN O
jaundice NN B-Disease
, , O
malaise NN O
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
prescribed VBN O
telithromycin NN O
400 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
d CD O
PO NN O
to TO O
treat VB O
an DT O
upper JJ B-Disease
respiratory JJ I-Disease
tract NN I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
7 CD O
days NNS O
prior RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Admission NN O
laboratory NN O
tests NNS O
were VBD O
as IN O
follows VBZ O
: : O
alanine NN O
aminotransferase NN O
, , O
67 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
( HYPH O
reference NN O
range NN O
, , O
10 CD O
- SYM O
37 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
) -RRB- O
; , O
aspartate NN O
aminotransferase NN O
, , O
98 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
( SYM O
10 CD O
- SYM O
40 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
) NN O
; : O
alkaline NN O
phosphatase NN O
, , O
513 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
( SYM O
0 CD O
- SYM O
270 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
glutamyltransferase NNP O
, , O
32 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
( SYM O
7 CD O
- SYM O
49 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
amylase NN O
, , O
46 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
( SYM O
0 CD O
- SYM O
220 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
total JJ O
bilirubin NN O
, , O
20 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
direct JJ O
bilirubin NN O
, , O
14 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
( , O
0 CD O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
and CC O
albumin NN O
, , O
4 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL CD O
( SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
toxin NN O
, , O
alcohol NN O
, , O
or CC O
other JJ O
drugs NNS O
were VBD O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
suffered VBN O
a DT O
previous JJ O
episode NN O
of IN O
"""" `` O
acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
of IN O
unknown JJ O
origin NN O
, , O
"""" '' O
that WDT O
occurred VBD O
after IN O
telithromycin NN O
usage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
incidents NNS O
occurred VBD O
within IN O
a DT O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
Telithromycin NNP O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
ketolide NN O
antibacterials NNS O
to TO O
receive VB O
US NNP O
Food NNP O
and CC O
Drug NNP O
Administration NNP O
approval NN O
for IN O
clinical JJ O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
infrequent JJ O
and CC O
usually RB O
reversible JJ O
severe JJ O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
score NN O
of IN O
8 CD O
on IN O
the DT O
Naranjo NNP O
adverse JJ B-Disease
drug NN I-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
probability NN O
scale NN O
, , O
telithromycin NN O
was VBD O
the DT O
probable JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
, , O
and CC O
pathological JJ O
findings NNS O
suggested VBD O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
toxic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurrence NN O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
attack NN O
might MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
avoided VBN O
if IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
incident NN O
had VBD O
been VBN O
communicated VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
attending VBG O
physician NN O
who WP O
prescribed VBD O
telithromycin NN O
the DT O
second JJ O
time NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Here RB O
we PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
probably RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
telithromycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
study NN O
on IN O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
subcutaneous JJ O
heparin NN O
injection NN O
on IN O
bruising NN B-Disease
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
AIM NNP O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
carried VBN O
out RP O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
injection NN O
duration NN O
on IN O
bruising NN B-Disease
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
subcutaneous JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Although IN O
different JJ O
methods NNS O
to TO O
prevent VB O
bruising NN B-Disease
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
subcutaneous JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
widely RB O
studied VBN O
and CC O
described VBN O
, , O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
injection NN O
duration NN O
on IN O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
bruising NN B-Disease
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
little RB O
documented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
as IN O
within IN O
- HYPH O
subject NN O
, , O
quasi NN O
- HYPH O
experimental JJ O
research NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
The DT O
sample NN O
for IN O
the DT O
study NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
50 CD O
patients NNS O
to TO O
whom WP O
subcutaneous JJ O
heparin NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heparin NN O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
over IN O
10 CD O
seconds NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
abdominal JJ O
site NN O
and CC O
30 CD O
seconds NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
abdominal JJ O
site NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Injections NNS O
areas NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
bruising NN B-Disease
at IN O
48 CD O
and CC O
72 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
each DT O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dimensions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
bruising NN B-Disease
on IN O
the DT O
heparin NN O
applied VBN O
areas NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
using VBG O
transparent JJ O
millimetric JJ O
measuring VBG O
paper NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
visual JJ O
analog NN O
scale NN O
( , O
VAS NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
measure VB O
pain NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
and CC O
a DT O
stop VB O
- HYPH O
watch NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to IN O
time NN O
the DT O
pain NN B-Disease
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
were VBD O
analysed VBN O
using VBG O
chi JJ O
- HYPH O
square NN O
test NN O
, , O
Mann NNP O
- HYPH O
Whitney NNP O
U NNP O
, , O
Wilcoxon NNP O
signed VBD O
ranks NNS O
tests NNS O
and CC O
correlation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
percentage NN O
of IN O
bruising VBG B-Disease
occurrence NN O
was VBD O
64 CD O
% NN O
with IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
seconds NNS O
duration NN O
and CC O
42 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
the DT O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
second NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
size NN O
of IN O
the DT O
bruising NN B-Disease
was VBD O
smaller JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
second NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
period NN O
were VBD O
statistically RB O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
for IN O
the DT O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
second NN O
injection NN O
than IN O
for IN O
the DT O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
second NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
It PRP O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
that IN O
injection NN O
duration NN O
had VBD O
an DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
bruising NN B-Disease
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
subcutaneous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
should MD O
be VB O
repeated VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
larger JJR O
sample NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RELEVANCE NN O
TO IN O
CLINICAL JJ O
PRACTICE NN O
: : O
When WRB O
administering VBG O
subcutaneous JJ O
heparin NN O
injections NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
important JJ O
to TO O
extend VB O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
regular JJ O
alcohol NN O
consumption NN O
ingesting VBG O
paracetamol NN O
at IN O
therapeutic JJ O
dosage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
possible JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
alcohol NN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
therapeutic JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
paracetamol NN O
( : O
acetaminophen NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
currently RB O
debated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NNP O
REPORT NN O
: : O
We PRP O
describe VBP O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
regular JJ O
consumers NNS O
of IN O
alcohol NN O
and CC O
who WP O
developed VBD O
liver NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
within IN O
3 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
hospitalization NN O
and CC O
stopping VBG O
alcohol NN O
consumption NN O
while IN O
being VBG O
treated VBN O
with IN O
4 CD O
g NN O
paracetamol NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
paracetamol NN O
serum NN O
level NN O
obtained VBN O
in IN O
one CD O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
was VBD O
not RB O
in IN O
the DT O
toxic JJ O
range NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
therapeutic JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
paracetamol NN O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
In IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
, , O
e UH O
. . O
g LS O
. . O
regular JJ O
consumption NN O
of IN O
alcohol NN O
, , O
liver NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
possible JJ O
when WRB O
therapeutic JJ O
doses NNS O
are VBP O
ingested VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
propose VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
paracetamol NN O
dose NN O
should MD O
not RB O
exceed VB O
2 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
in IN O
such JJ O
patients NNS O
and CC O
that IN O
their PRP$ O
liver NN O
function NN O
should MD O
be VB O
monitored VBN O
closely RB O
while IN O
being VBG O
treated VBN O
with IN O
paracetamol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Associations NNS O
between IN O
use NN O
of IN O
benzodiazepines NNS O
or CC O
related JJ O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
health NN O
, , O
physical JJ O
abilities NNS O
and CC O
cognitive JJ O
function NN O
: : O
a DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
randomised VBN O
clinical JJ O
study NN O
in IN O
the DT O
elderly JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
describe VB O
associations NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
benzodiazepines NNS O
or CC O
related VBN O
drugs NNS O
( , O
BZDs NNS O
/ SYM O
RDs NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
health NN O
, , O
functional JJ O
abilities NNS O
and CC O
cognitive JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
the DT O
elderly JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
randomised VBN O
clinical JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
aged VBN O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
65 CD O
years NNS O
admitted VBN O
to IN O
acute JJ O
hospital NN O
wards NNS O
during IN O
1 CD O
month NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
164 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
mean JJ O
age NN O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
standard JJ O
deviation NN O
[ -LRB- O
SD NN O
] -RRB- O
81 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
admitted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
these DT O
, , O
nearly RB O
half NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
78 CD O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
used VBN O
BZDs NNS O
/ SYM O
RDs NNS O
before IN O
admission NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
remainder NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
86 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
users NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cognitive JJ O
ability NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
Mini NNP O
- HYPH O
Mental NNP O
State NNP O
Examination NNP O
( -LRB- O
MMSE NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
scoring VBG O
> : O
or CC O
= SYM O
20 CD O
MMSE NN O
sum NN O
points NNS O
were VBD O
interviewed VBN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
79 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
questioned VBN O
regarding VBG O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
functional JJ O
abilities NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
week NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
admission NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
on IN O
use NN O
of IN O
BZDs NNS O
/ SYM O
RDs NNS O
before IN O
admission NN O
, , O
current JJ O
medications NNS O
and CC O
discharge NN O
diagnoses NNS O
were VBD O
collected VBN O
from IN O
medical JJ O
records NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Health NN O
, , O
physical JJ O
abilities NNS O
and CC O
cognitive JJ O
function NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
between IN O
BZD NNP O
/ SYM O
RD NN O
users NNS O
and CC O
non NN O
- HYPH O
users NNS O
, , O
and CC O
adjustments NNS O
were VBD O
made VBN O
for IN O
confounding JJ O
variables NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
residual JJ O
serum NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
oxazepam NN O
, , O
temazepam NN O
and CC O
zopiclone NN O
were VBD O
analysed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
mean JJ O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SD NN O
duration NN O
of IN O
BZD NN O
/ SYM O
RD NN O
use NN O
was VBD O
7 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
7 CD O
years NNS O
( : O
range NN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
31 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
or CC O
three CD O
BZDs NNS O
/ SYM O
RDs NNS O
were VBD O
concomitantly RB O
taken VBN O
by IN O
26 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
users NNS O
( : O
n NNS O
= SYM O
20 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
of IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
female JJ O
sex NN O
and CC O
use NN O
of IN O
a DT O
higher JJR O
number NN O
of IN O
drugs NNS O
with IN O
effects NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
CNS NNP O
, , O
which WDT O
tended VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
diagnosed VBN O
dementia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
adjustment NN O
for IN O
these DT O
variables NNS O
as IN O
confounders NNS O
, , O
use NN O
of IN O
BZDs NNS O
/ SYM O
RDs NNS O
was VBD O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
cognitive JJ O
function NN O
as IN O
measured VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
MMSE NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
use NN O
of IN O
BZDs NNS O
/ SYM O
RDs NNS O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
dizziness NN B-Disease
, , O
inability NN B-Disease
to TO I-Disease
sleep VB I-Disease
after IN O
awaking VBG O
at IN O
night NN O
and CC O
tiredness NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
mornings NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
week NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
admission NN O
and CC O
with IN O
stronger JJR O
depressive JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
measured VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
beginning NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hospital NN O
stay NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Use NN O
of IN O
BZDs NNS O
/ SYM O
RDs NNS O
tended VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
reduced VBN O
ability NN O
to TO O
walk VB O
and CC O
shorter JJR O
night NN O
- HYPH O
time NN O
sleep NN O
during IN O
the DT O
week NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
admission NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
higher JJR O
residual JJ O
serum JJ O
concentration NN O
of IN O
temazepam NN O
correlated VBD O
with IN O
a DT O
lower JJR O
MMSE NNP O
sum NN O
score NN O
after IN O
adjustment NN O
for IN O
confounding JJ O
variables NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
and CC O
concomitant JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
one CD O
BZD NNP O
/ SYM O
RD NNP O
were VBD O
common JJ O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
hospitalised VBN O
because IN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
illnesses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
daytime NN O
and CC O
night NN O
- HYPH O
time NN O
symptoms NNS O
indicative JJ O
of IN O
poorer JJR O
health NN O
and CC O
potentially RB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
vocal JJ B-Disease
fold NN I-Disease
palsy NN I-Disease
after IN O
acute JJ O
disulfiram NN O
intoxication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
disulfiram NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
very RB O
rare JJ O
and CC O
there EX O
is VBZ O
no DT O
report NN O
of IN O
it PRP O
leading VBG O
to IN O
vocal JJ B-Disease
fold NN I-Disease
palsy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
49 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
was VBD O
transferred VBN O
to IN O
our PRP$ O
department NN O
because IN O
of IN O
quadriparesis NN B-Disease
, , O
lancinating VBG O
pain NN B-Disease
, , O
sensory JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
paresthesia NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
distal JJ O
limbs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
month NN O
previously RB O
, , O
she PRP O
had VBD O
taken VBN O
a DT O
single JJ O
high JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
disulfiram NN O
( : O
130 CD O
tablets NNS O
of IN O
ALCOHOL NNP O
STOP NNP O
TAB NNP O
, , O
Shin NNP O
- HYPH O
Poong NNP O
Pharm NNP O
. . O
Co NNP O
. . O
, , O
Ansan NNP O
, , O
Korea NNP O
) , O
in IN O
a DT O
suicide NN O
attempt NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
was VBD O
not RB O
an DT O
alcoholic NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
few JJ O
days NNS O
after IN O
ingestion NN O
, , O
she PRP O
was VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
confused JJ O
state NN O
and CC O
had VBD O
mild JJ O
to IN O
moderate JJ O
ataxia NN B-Disease
and CC O
giddiness NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
noticed VBD O
hoarseness NN B-Disease
and CC O
distally JJ O
accentuated VBD O
motor NN O
and CC O
sensory JJ O
dysfunction NN O
after IN O
she PRP O
had VBD O
recovered VBN O
from IN O
this DT O
state NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
nerve NN O
conduction NN O
study NN O
was VBD O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
severe JJ O
sensorimotor NN O
axonal JJ O
polyneuropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Laryngeal JJ O
electromyography NN O
( , O
thyroarytenoid NN O
muscle NN O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
ample JJ O
denervation NN O
potentials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Laryngoscopy NNP O
revealed VBD O
asymmetric JJ O
vocal JJ O
fold NN O
movements NNS O
during IN O
phonation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
vocal JJ O
change NN O
and CC O
weakness NN O
began VBD O
to TO O
improve VB O
spontaneously RB O
about RB O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
transfer NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
palsy NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
recurrent JJ O
laryngeal JJ O
nerve NN O
and CC O
superimposed VBN O
severe JJ O
acute JJ O
sensorimotor NN O
axonal JJ O
polyneuropathy NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
disulfiram NN O
intoxication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Encephalopathy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
levetiracetam NN O
added VBD O
to TO O
valproate VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
We PRP O
report VBP O
on IN O
the DT O
manifestation NN O
of IN O
a DT O
levetiracetam NN O
( , O
LEV NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
FINDINGS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
28 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
idiopathic JJ B-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
with IN O
generalized VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
LEV NNP O
( : O
3000 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
added VBN O
to IN O
valproate NN O
( , O
VPA NNP O
) -RRB- O
( : O
2000 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Frequency NN O
of IN O
generalized VBN O
tonic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
clonic JJ I-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
increased VBD O
from IN O
one CD O
per IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
to IN O
two CD O
per IN O
month NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuropsychological JJ O
testing NN O
showed VBD O
impaired JJ B-Disease
word NN I-Disease
fluency NN I-Disease
, , I-Disease
psychomotor NN I-Disease
speed NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
working NN I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
interictal JJ O
electroencephalogram NN O
( -LRB- O
EEG NNP O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
a DT O
generalized VBN O
slowing NN O
to IN O
5 CD O
per IN O
second NN O
theta NN O
rhythms NNS O
with IN O
bilateral JJ O
generalized VBN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
amplitude NN O
discharges NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OUTCOME NN O
: : O
Following VBG O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
LEV NNP O
, , O
EEG NNP O
and CC O
neuropsychological JJ O
findings NNS O
improved VBD O
and CC O
seizure NN B-Disease
frequency NN O
decreased VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Norepinephrine NN O
signaling VBG O
through IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
receptors NNS O
is VBZ O
critical JJ O
for IN O
expression NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Cocaine NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
widely RB O
abused VBN O
psychostimulant NN O
that WDT O
has VBZ O
both CC O
rewarding JJ O
and CC O
aversive JJ O
properties NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
underlying VBG O
cocaine NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
rewarding VBG O
effects NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
studied VBN O
extensively RB O
, , O
less JJR O
attention NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
paid VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
unpleasant JJ O
behavioral JJ O
states NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
cocaine NN O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
performance NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxylase NN O
knockout NN O
( : O
Dbh NNP O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
lack VBP O
norepinephrine NN O
( , O
NE NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
elevated VBN O
plus JJ O
maze NN O
( , O
EPM NNP O
) -RRB- O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
contribution NN O
of IN O
noradrenergic JJ O
signaling NN O
to IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
cocaine NN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependently RB O
increased VBN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
behavior NN O
in IN O
control NN O
( , O
Dbh NNP O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- : O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
, , O
as IN O
measured VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
open JJ O
arm NN O
exploration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
Dbh NNP O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NNS O
had VBD O
normal JJ O
baseline NN O
performance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
EPM NNP O
but CC O
were VBD O
completely RB O
resistant JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
anxiogenic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
was VBD O
also RB O
attenuated VBN O
in IN O
Dbh NNP O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NNS O
following VBG O
administration NN O
of IN O
disulfiram NN O
, , O
a DT O
dopamine NN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxylase NN O
( -LRB- O
DBH NNP O
) -RRB- O
inhibitor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
experiments NNS O
using VBG O
specific JJ O
adrenergic JJ O
antagonists NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
the DT O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
propranolol NN O
blocked VBD O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
behavior NN O
in IN O
Dbh NNP O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
and CC O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
C57BL6 NN O
/ SYM O
J NNP O
mice NNS O
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
alpha NN O
( , O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
antagonist NN O
prazosin NN O
and CC O
the DT O
alpha NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
antagonist NN O
yohimbine NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
These DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
noradrenergic JJ O
signaling NN O
via IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
receptors NNS O
is VBZ O
required VBN O
for IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypothalamic JJ O
prolactin NN O
receptor NN O
messenger NN O
ribonucleic JJ O
acid NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
prolactin NN O
signaling NN O
, , O
and CC O
hyperprolactinemic JJ B-Disease
inhibition NN O
of IN O
pulsatile JJ O
luteinizing NN O
hormone NN O
secretion NN O
are VBP O
dependent JJ O
on IN O
estradiol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
can MD O
reduce VB O
fertility NN O
and CC O
libido NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
central JJ O
prolactin JJ O
actions NNS O
are VBP O
thought VBN O
to TO O
contribute VB O
to IN O
this DT O
, , O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
are VBP O
poorly RB O
understood VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
first RB O
tested VBD O
whether IN O
chronic JJ O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
inhibited VBD O
two CD O
neuroendocrine JJ O
parameters NNS O
necessary JJ O
for IN O
female JJ O
fertility NN O
: : O
pulsatile JJ O
LH NN O
secretion NN O
and CC O
the DT O
estrogen NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
LH NNP O
surge NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
dopamine NN O
antagonist NN O
sulpiride NN O
caused VBD O
a DT O
40 CD O
% NN O
reduction NN O
LH NN O
pulse NN O
frequency NN O
in IN O
ovariectomized JJ O
rats NNS O
, , O
but CC O
only RB O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
low JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
estradiol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sulpiride NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
magnitude NN O
of IN O
a DT O
steroid NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
LH NNP O
surge NN O
or CC O
the DT O
percentage NN O
of IN O
GnRH NNP O
neurons NNS O
activated VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
surge NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Estradiol NNP O
is VBZ O
known VBN O
to TO O
influence VB O
expression NN O
of IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
form NN O
of IN O
prolactin JJ O
receptors NNS O
( , O
PRL NN O
- HYPH O
R NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
components NNS O
of IN O
prolactin NN O
' '' O
s NNS O
signaling VBG O
pathway NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
test VB O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
estrogen NN O
increases VBZ O
PRL NN O
- HYPH O
R NN O
expression NN O
and CC O
sensitivity NN O
to IN O
prolactin NN O
, , O
we PRP O
next RB O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
estradiol NN O
greatly RB O
augments VBZ O
prolactin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
STAT5 NNP O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lastly RB O
, , O
we PRP O
measured VBD O
PRL NN O
- HYPH O
R NN O
and CC O
suppressor NN O
of IN O
cytokine NN O
signaling NN O
( , O
SOCS NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
and CC O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
and CC O
CIS NN O
, , O
which WDT O
reflect VBP O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
prolactin NN O
signaling NN O
) , O
mRNAs NNS O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
sulpiride NN O
and CC O
estradiol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sulpiride NNP O
induced VBD O
only RB O
SOCS NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
in IN O
the DT O
medial JJ O
preoptic JJ O
area NN O
, , O
where WRB O
GnRH NNP O
neurons NNS O
are VBP O
regulated VBN O
, , O
but CC O
in IN O
the DT O
arcuate NN O
nucleus NN O
and CC O
choroid NN O
plexus NN O
, , O
PRL NNP O
- HYPH O
R NN O
, , O
SOCS NNP O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
, , O
and CC O
CIS NNP O
mRNA NNP O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
also RB O
induced VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Estradiol NNP O
enhanced VBD O
these DT O
effects NNS O
on IN O
SOCS NNP O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
and CC O
CIS NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Interestingly RB O
, , O
estradiol NN O
also RB O
induced VBD O
PRL NNP O
- HYPH O
R NNP O
, , O
SOCS NNP O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
, , O
and CC O
CIS NNP O
mRNA NNP O
levels NNS O
independently RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
GnRH NNP O
pulse NN O
frequency NN O
is VBZ O
inhibited VBN O
by IN O
chronic JJ O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
steroid NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
also RB O
provide VBP O
evidence NN O
for IN O
estradiol NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
and CC O
brain NN O
region NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
regulation NN O
of IN O
PRL NNP O
- HYPH O
R NN O
expression NN O
and CC O
signaling NN O
responses NNS O
by IN O
prolactin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clonidine NN O
for IN O
attention NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
deficit NN I-Disease
/ SYM I-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
: : O
II CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
ECG NNP O
changes NNS O
and CC O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
analysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
safety NN O
and CC O
tolerability NN O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
used VBN O
alone RB O
or CC O
with IN O
methylphenidate NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
with IN O
attention NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
deficit NN I-Disease
/ SYM I-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
( , O
ADHD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
In IN O
a DT O
16 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
multicenter JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
trial NN O
, , O
122 CD O
children NNS O
with IN O
ADHD NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
clonidine NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
31 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
methylphenidate NN O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
29 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
clonidine NN O
and CC O
methylphenidate NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
32 CD O
) NN O
, , O
or CC O
placebo NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
30 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doses NNS O
were VBD O
flexibly RB O
titrated VBN O
up IN O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
clonidine NN O
and CC O
60 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
methylphenidate NN O
( : O
both DT O
with IN O
divided VBN O
dosing NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Groups NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
regarding VBG O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
and CC O
changes NNS O
from IN O
baseline NN O
to IN O
week NN O
16 CD O
in IN O
electrocardiograms NNS O
and CC O
vital JJ O
signs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
There EX O
were VBD O
more JJR O
incidents NNS O
of IN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
in IN O
subjects NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
clonidine NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
not RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
clonidine NN O
( : O
17 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
versus IN O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
; : O
p NN O
= SYM O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
no DT O
other JJ O
significant JJ O
group NN O
differences NNS O
regarding VBG O
electrocardiogram NN O
and CC O
other JJ O
cardiovascular JJ O
outcomes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
suggestions NNS O
of IN O
interactions NNS O
between IN O
clonidine NN O
and CC O
methylphenidate NN O
regarding VBG O
cardiovascular JJ O
outcomes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moderate JJ O
or CC O
severe JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
were VBD O
more RBR O
common JJ O
in IN O
subjects NNS O
on IN O
clonidine NN O
( SYM O
79 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
versus IN O
49 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
; : O
p NN O
= SYM O
. . O
0006 CD O
) -RRB- O
but CC O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
higher JJR O
rates NNS O
of IN O
early JJ O
study NN O
withdrawal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drowsiness NN B-Disease
was VBD O
common JJ O
on IN O
clonidine NN O
, , O
but CC O
generally RB O
resolved VBN O
by IN O
6 CD O
to TO O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Clonidine NN O
, , O
used VBN O
alone RB O
or CC O
with IN O
methylphenidate NN O
, , O
appears VBZ O
safe JJ O
and CC O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
in IN O
childhood NN O
ADHD NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Physicians NNS O
prescribing VBG O
clonidine NN O
should MD O
monitor VB O
for IN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
and CC O
advise VB O
patients NNS O
about IN O
the DT O
high JJ O
likelihood NN O
of IN O
initial JJ O
drowsiness NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal NNP B-Disease
Fanconi NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
myopathy NN B-Disease
after IN O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
: : O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
cytopathy NN I-Disease
? . O
null null null-Disease
Advances NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
field NN O
of IN O
transplantation NN O
provide VBP O
a DT O
better JJR O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
and CC O
allow VBP O
more RBR O
favorable JJ O
conditions NNS O
for IN O
growth NN O
and CC O
development NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
combinations NNS O
of IN O
different JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
regimens NNS O
require VBP O
consideration NN O
of IN O
potential JJ O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
yr NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
girl NN O
who WP O
had VBD O
orthotopic JJ O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
because IN O
of IN O
Wilson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tacrolimus NNP O
, , O
MMF NNP O
, , O
and CC O
steroids NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
as IN O
immunosuppressant NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lamivudine NNP O
was VBD O
added VBN O
because IN O
of IN O
de FW O
nova FW O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
during IN O
her PRP$ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
yr NN O
after IN O
transplantation NN O
she PRP O
developed VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
Fanconi NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
with IN O
severe JJ O
metabolic JJ B-Disease
acidosis NN I-Disease
, , O
hypophosphatemia NN B-Disease
, , O
glycosuria NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
aminoaciduria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
tacrolimus NN O
was VBD O
suspected VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
the DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
late JJ O
post NN O
- HYPH O
transplant NN O
renal JJ O
acidosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
was VBD O
replaced VBN O
by IN O
sirolimus NN O
, , O
acidosis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
electrolyte NN O
imbalance NN O
got VBD O
worse JJR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proximal JJ O
muscle NN B-Disease
weakness NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
developed VBN O
during IN O
her PRP$ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fanconi NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
is VBZ O
well RB O
recognized VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
and CC O
caused VBN O
by IN O
depletion NN O
of IN O
mtDNA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
our PRP$ O
patient NN O
' '' O
s POS O
tubular JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
and CC O
myopathy NN B-Disease
may MD O
have VB O
resulted VBN O
from IN O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
which WDT O
is VBZ O
triggered VBN O
by IN O
tacrolimus NN O
and CC O
augmented VBN O
by IN O
lamivudine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Higher JJR O
optical JJ O
density NN O
of IN O
an DT O
antigen NN O
assay NN O
predicts VBZ O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
correlate VB O
optical JJ O
density NN O
and CC O
percent NN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
a DT O
two CD O
- HYPH O
step NN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
HIT NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
antigen NN O
assay NN O
with IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
; : O
the DT O
assay NN O
utilizes VBZ O
reaction NN O
inhibition NN O
characteristics NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
heparin NN O
concentration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Patients NNS O
with IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
decrease NN O
in IN O
platelet NN O
count NN O
or CC O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
( : O
< $ O
150 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
) NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
heparin NN O
, , O
who WP O
had VBD O
a DT O
positive JJ O
two CD O
- HYPH O
step NN O
antigen NN O
assay NN O
[ -LRB- O
optical JJ O
density NN O
( -LRB- O
OD NN O
) -RRB- O
> SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
and CC O
> SYM O
50 CD O
inhibition NN O
with IN O
high JJ O
concentration NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
] -RRB- O
were VBD O
included VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Forty CD O
of IN O
94 CD O
HIT NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
had VBD O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
at IN O
diagnosis NN O
; : O
54 CD O
/ SYM O
94 CD O
had VBD O
isolated VBN O
- HYPH O
HIT NN B-Disease
without IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
of IN O
the DT O
isolated VBN O
- HYPH O
HIT NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
within IN O
the DT O
next JJ O
30 CD O
d NN O
; : O
thus RB O
, , O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
48 CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
at IN O
day NN O
30 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
diagnosis NN O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
OD NN O
between IN O
HIT NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
those DT O
with IN O
isolated VBN O
- HYPH O
HIT NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
OD NNP O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
48 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
34 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. SYM O
89 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
including VBG O
isolated VBN O
- HYPH O
HIT NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
later RB O
developed VBD O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
within IN O
30 CD O
d NN O
( SYM O
n CD O
= SYM O
8 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
84 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
64 CD O
) -RRB- O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
isolated VBN O
- HYPH O
HIT NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
did VBD O
not RB O
develop VB O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
96 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
011 CD O
and CC O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
008 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
Receiver NNP O
Operative NNP O
Characteristic NNP O
Curve NNP O
showed VBD O
that IN O
OD NNP O
> SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
27 CD O
in IN O
the DT O
isolated JJ O
- HYPH O
HIT NNP B-Disease
group NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
chance NN O
of IN O
developing VBG O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
by IN O
day NN O
30 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
these DT O
groups NNS O
showed VBD O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
percent NN O
inhibition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Multivariate JJ O
analysis NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
2 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
females NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similarly RB O
, , O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
risk NN O
increased VBN O
with IN O
age NN O
and CC O
OD NN O
values NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Higher JJR O
OD NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
significant JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
subsequent JJ O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
isolated VBN O
- HYPH O
HIT NN B-Disease
; : O
percent NN O
inhibition NN O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
was VBD O
not RB O
predictive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thalidomide NN O
has VBZ O
limited JJ O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
agent NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
relapsed VBN O
or CC O
refractory JJ O
indolent JJ O
non JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Hodgkin NNP I-Disease
lymphomas NNS I-Disease
: : O
a DT O
phase NN O
II NNP O
trial NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Cancer NNP B-Disease
and CC O
Leukemia NNP B-Disease
Group NNP O
B NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thalidomide NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
immunomodulatory JJ O
agent NN O
with IN O
demonstrated VBN O
activity NN O
in IN O
multiple JJ B-Disease
myeloma NN I-Disease
, , O
mantle NN B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
lymphoma NN I-Disease
and CC O
lymphoplasmacytic JJ B-Disease
lymphoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Its PRP$ O
activity NN O
is VBZ O
believed VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
due JJ O
modulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
tumour NN B-Disease
milieu NN O
, , O
including VBG O
downregulation NN O
of IN O
angiogenesis NN O
and CC O
inflammatory JJ O
cytokines NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Between IN O
July NNP O
2001 CD O
and CC O
April NNP O
2004 CD O
, , O
24 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
relapsed VBN O
/ SYM O
refractory JJ O
indolent JJ O
lymphomas NNS B-Disease
received VBD O
thalidomide NN O
200 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
with IN O
escalation NN O
by IN O
100 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
every DT O
1 CD O
- SYM O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
as IN O
tolerated VBN O
, , O
up IN O
to IN O
a DT O
maximum NN O
of IN O
800 CD O
mg NNS O
daily RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
had VBD O
received VBN O
a DT O
median NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
( HYPH O
range NN O
, , O
1 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
) SYM O
prior JJ O
regimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
24 CD O
evaluable JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
two CD O
achieved VBD O
a DT O
complete JJ O
remission NN O
and CC O
one CD O
achieved VBD O
a DT O
partial JJ O
remission NN O
for IN O
an DT O
overall JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
12 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
( : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
: : O
2 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
- SYM O
32 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eleven CD O
patients NNS O
progressed VBD O
during IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Grade NN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
included VBD O
myelosuppression NN B-Disease
, , O
fatigue NN B-Disease
, , O
somnolence NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
depressed VBN B-Disease
mood NN I-Disease
, , O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
and CC O
dyspnea NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
concern NN O
was VBD O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
four CD O
thromboembolic JJ B-Disease
events NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
failed VBD O
to TO O
demonstrate VB O
an DT O
important JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
to IN O
single JJ O
agent NN O
thalidomide NN O
in IN O
indolent JJ O
lymphomas NNS B-Disease
and CC O
contrast NN O
with IN O
the DT O
higher JJR O
activity NN O
level NN O
reported VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
generation NN O
immunomodulatory JJ O
agent NN O
, , O
lenalidomide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sex NN O
differences NNS O
in IN O
NMDA NNP O
antagonist NN O
enhancement NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
antihyperalgesia NN O
in IN O
a DT O
capsaicin NN O
model NN O
of IN O
persistent JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
: : O
comparisons NNS O
to IN O
two CD O
models NNS O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
models NNS O
, , O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( -LRB- O
NMDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
antagonists NNS O
enhance VBP O
the DT O
antinociceptive JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
to IN O
a DT O
greater JJR O
extent NN O
in IN O
males NNS O
than IN O
females NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
investigation NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
extend VB O
these DT O
findings NNS O
to IN O
a DT O
persistent JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
model NN O
which WDT O
could MD O
be VB O
distinguished VBN O
from IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
models NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
basis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
nociceptive JJ O
fibers NNS O
activated VBN O
, , O
neurochemical JJ O
substrates NNS O
, , O
and CC O
duration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
nociceptive JJ O
stimulus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
this DT O
end NN O
, , O
persistent JJ O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
capsaicin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
tail NN O
of IN O
gonadally JJ O
intact JJ O
F344 CD O
rats NNS O
, , O
following VBG O
which WDT O
the DT O
tail NN O
was VBD O
immersed VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
mildly RB O
noxious JJ O
thermal JJ O
stimulus NN O
, , O
and CC O
tail NN O
- HYPH O
withdrawal NN O
latencies NNS O
measured VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
comparison NN O
, , O
tests NNS O
were VBD O
conducted VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
acute JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
models NNS O
, , O
the DT O
hotplate NN O
and CC O
warm JJ O
water NN O
tail NN O
- HYPH O
withdrawal NN O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
males NNS O
, , O
the DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
competitive JJ O
NMDA NNP O
antagonist NN O
dextromethorphan NN O
enhanced VBD O
the DT O
antihyperalgesic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
low JJ O
to IN O
moderate JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
time NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Across IN O
the DT O
doses NNS O
and CC O
pretreatment NN O
times NNS O
examined VBN O
, , O
enhancement NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
observed VBN O
in IN O
females NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Enhancement NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
antinociception NN O
by IN O
dextromethorphan NN O
was VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
both DT O
males NNS O
and CC O
females NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
acute JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
models NNS O
, , O
with IN O
the DT O
magnitude NN O
of IN O
this DT O
effect NN O
being VBG O
greater JJR O
in IN O
males NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
a DT O
sexually RB O
- HYPH O
dimorphic JJ O
interaction NN O
between IN O
NMDA NNP O
antagonists NNS O
and CC O
morphine NN O
in IN O
a DT O
persistent JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
model NN O
that WDT O
can MD O
be VB O
distinguished VBN O
from IN O
those DT O
observed VBN O
in IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Development NN O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
after IN O
switch NN O
to IN O
sirolimus NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
immunosuppression NN O
in IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
cardiac JJ O
transplant NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Calcineurin NN O
- HYPH O
inhibitor NN O
therapy NN O
can MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
in IN O
heart NN O
transplantation NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
novel NN O
immunosuppressive JJ O
( , O
IS NN O
) , O
drug NN O
sirolmus NN O
( , O
Srl NNP O
) -RRB- O
lacks VBZ O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
Srl NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
following VBG O
renal JJ O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
cardiac JJ O
transplantation NN O
, , O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
Srl NNP O
is VBZ O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
cardiac JJ O
transplant NN O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
switched VBN O
from IN O
cyclosporine NN O
to IN O
Srl NNP O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
IS VBZ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Concomitant NN O
IS VBZ O
consisted VBN O
of IN O
mycophenolate NN O
mofetil NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
steroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinuria NNP O
increased VBD O
significantly RB O
from IN O
a DT O
median NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
13 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
( : O
range NN O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
) SYM O
preswitch NN O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
23 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
( : O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
. . O
88 CD O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
24 CD O
months NNS O
postswitch NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0024 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Before IN O
the DT O
switch NN O
, , O
11 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
grade NN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
( : O
> SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
this DT O
increased VBD O
to IN O
22 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
postswitch NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
006 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
ACE NN O
inhibitor NN O
and CC O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
releasing VBG O
blocker NN O
( -LRB- O
ARB NN O
) -RRB- O
therapy NN O
reduced VBD O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
development NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
without IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
had VBD O
increased VBN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
( , O
median JJ O
42 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
vs NNS O
. . O
64 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
, , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
whereas IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
grade NN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
showed VBD O
decreased VBN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
( : O
median JJ O
39 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
29 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
, , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
125 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
may MD O
develop VB O
in IN O
cardiac JJ O
transplant NN O
patients NNS O
after IN O
switch NN O
to IN O
Srl NNP O
, , O
which WDT O
may MD O
have VB O
an DT O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Srl NN O
should MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
with IN O
ACEi NNP O
/ SYM O
ARB NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
patients NNS O
monitored VBN O
for IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
increased VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ginsenoside NNP O
Rg1 NNP O
restores VBZ O
the DT O
impairment NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
learning NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
chronic JJ O
morphine NN O
administration NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rg1 NNP O
, , O
as IN O
a DT O
ginsenoside NN O
extracted VBN O
from IN O
Panax NNP O
ginseng NN O
, , O
could MD O
ameliorate VB O
spatial JJ O
learning NN B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
demonstrated VBN O
that IN O
Rg1 NNP O
might MD O
be VB O
a DT O
useful JJ O
agent NN O
for IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
Rg1 NNP O
on IN O
learning VBG B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
by IN O
chronic JJ O
morphine NN O
administration NN O
and CC O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
this DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male JJ O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
subcutaneously RB O
injected VBN O
with IN O
morphine NN O
( : O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
twice PDT O
a DT O
day NN O
at IN O
12 CD O
hour NN O
intervals NNS O
for IN O
10 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
and CC O
Rg1 NNP O
( SYM O
30 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
intraperitoneally RB O
injected VBN O
2 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
once RB O
a DT O
day NN O
for IN O
10 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Spatial JJ O
learning NN O
capacity NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
Morris NNP O
water NN O
maze NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
Morphine NNP O
/ SYM O
Rg1 NNP O
decreased VBD O
escape NN O
latency NN O
and CC O
increased VBD O
the DT O
time NN O
spent VBN O
in IN O
platform NN O
quadrant NN O
and CC O
entering VBG O
frequency NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
implantation NN O
of IN O
electrodes NNS O
and CC O
electrophysiological JJ O
recording NN O
in IN O
vivo NN O
, , O
the DT O
results NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
Rg1 NNP O
restored VBD O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
potentiation NN O
( -LRB- O
LTP NNP O
) -RRB- O
impaired VBN O
by IN O
morphine NN O
in IN O
both DT O
freely RB O
moving VBG O
and CC O
anaesthetised JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
electrophysiological JJ O
recording NN O
in IN O
vitro NN O
showed VBD O
that IN O
Rg1 NNP O
restored VBD O
the DT O
LTP NNP O
in IN O
slices NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
morphine NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
changed VBN O
LTP NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
slices NNS O
from IN O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
- HYPH O
or CC O
morphine NN O
/ SYM O
Rg1 NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
; , O
this DT O
restoration NN O
could MD O
be VB O
inhibited VBN O
by IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( -LRB- O
NMDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
MK801 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
Rg1 NNP O
may MD O
significantly RB O
improve VB O
the DT O
spatial JJ O
learning NN O
capacity NN O
impaired VBN O
by IN O
chonic JJ O
morphine NN O
administration NN O
and CC O
restore VB O
the DT O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
inhibited VBN O
LTP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
effect NN O
is VBZ O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
dependent JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Synthesis NN O
of IN O
N NN O
- HYPH O
pyrimidinyl NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
phenoxyacetamides NNS O
as IN O
adenosine NN O
A2A NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
series NN O
of IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
pyrimidinyl NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
phenoxyacetamide NN O
adenosine NN O
A NN O
( HYPH O
2A NN O
) -RRB- O
antagonists NNS O
is VBZ O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SAR NNP O
studies NNS O
led VBN O
to TO O
compound VB O
14 CD O
with IN O
excellent JJ O
potency NN O
( , O
K NNP O
( , O
i CD O
) NFP O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
selectivity NN O
( , O
A NNP O
( , O
1 CD O
) SYM O
/ SYM O
A NN O
( , O
2A CD O
) SYM O
> SYM O
100 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
efficacy NN O
( , O
MED NN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
p NN O
. . O
o -RRB- O
. . O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
model NN O
for IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Evidence NN O
for IN O
an DT O
involvement NN O
of IN O
D1 NNP O
and CC O
D2 NNP O
dopamine NN O
receptors NNS O
in IN O
mediating VBG O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
repeated VBN O
exposure NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
or CC O
to IN O
the DT O
experimental JJ O
environment NN O
is VBZ O
necessary JJ O
to TO O
observe VB O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN O
stimulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
habituation NN O
to IN O
the DT O
experimental JJ O
environment NN O
on IN O
the DT O
stimulant JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
receptors NNS O
in IN O
mediating VBG O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN O
stimulation NN O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
by IN O
examining VBG O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
selective JJ O
D1 NN O
and CC O
D2 NNP O
dopamine NN O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
on IN O
activity NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
nicotine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Locomotor NN O
activity NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
male JJ O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
tested VBN O
in IN O
photocell NN O
cages NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nicotine NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
caused VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
locomotor NN I-Disease
activity NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
habituated VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
test NN O
environment NN O
, , O
but CC O
had VBD O
only RB O
a DT O
weak JJ O
and CC O
delayed VBN O
stimulant JJ O
action NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
unfamiliar JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
test NN O
environment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
stimulant JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
was VBD O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
nicotinic JJ O
antagonist NN O
mecamylamine NN O
but CC O
not RB O
by IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
nicotinic JJ O
blocker NN O
hexamethonium NN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
the DT O
response NN O
is VBZ O
probably RB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
central JJ O
nicotinic JJ O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
selective JJ O
D1 NN O
antagonist NN O
SCH NNP O
23390 CD O
, , O
the DT O
selective JJ O
D2 NN O
antagonist NN O
raclopride NN O
and CC O
the DT O
D1 NNP O
/ SYM O
D2 NNP O
antagonist NN O
fluphenazine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
with IN O
the DT O
D2 NNP O
agonist NN O
PHNO NNP O
enhanced VBD O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
the DT O
D1 NN O
agonist NN O
SKF NNP O
38393 CD O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
acute JJ O
nicotine NN O
injection NN O
induces VBZ O
a DT O
pronounced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
habituated VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
test NN O
environment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
central JJ O
nicotine NN O
receptors NNS O
, , O
possibly RB O
located VBN O
on IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurons NNS O
, , O
and CC O
also RB O
requires VBZ O
the DT O
activation NN O
of IN O
both CC O
D1 NNP O
and CC O
D2 NNP O
dopamine NN O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Central JJ O
retinal JJ B-Disease
vein NN I-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
clomiphene NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ovulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
central JJ O
retinal JJ B-Disease
vein NN I-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
clomiphene NN O
citrate NN O
( -LRB- O
CC NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
Case NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING NN O
: : O
Ophthalmology NN O
clinic NN O
of IN O
an DT O
academic JJ O
hospital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENT NN O
( -LRB- O
S NNP O
) -RRB- O
: : O
A DT O
36 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
referred VBD O
from IN O
the DT O
infertility NN B-Disease
clinic NN O
for IN O
blurred VBN B-Disease
vision NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTERVENTION NN O
( : O
S NNP O
) -RRB- O
: : O
Ophthalmic JJ O
examination NN O
after IN O
CC NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MAIN JJ O
OUTCOME NN O
MEASURE NN O
( : O
S NN O
) -RRB- O
: : O
Central JJ O
retinal JJ B-Disease
vein NN I-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
after IN O
ovulation NN O
induction NN O
with IN O
CC NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULT NN O
( : O
S NNP O
) -RRB- O
: : O
A DT O
36 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
Chinese JJ O
woman NN O
developed VBD O
central JJ O
retinal JJ B-Disease
vein NN I-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
after IN O
eight CD O
courses NNS O
of IN O
CC NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
search NN O
of IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
on IN O
the DT O
thromboembolic JJ B-Disease
complications NNS O
of IN O
CC NNP O
does VBZ O
not RB O
include VB O
this DT O
severe JJ O
ophthalmic JJ O
complication NN O
, , O
although IN O
mild JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
disturbance NN I-Disease
after IN O
CC NNP O
intake NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
uncommon JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
( -LRB- O
S NNP O
) -RRB- O
: : O
This DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
reported VBN O
case NN O
of IN O
central JJ O
retinal JJ B-Disease
vein NN I-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
CC NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Extra JJ O
caution NN O
is VBZ O
warranted VBN O
in IN O
treating VBG O
infertility NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
CC NNP O
, , O
and CC O
patients NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
well RB O
informed VBN O
of IN O
this DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
before IN O
commencement NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
bronchodilating NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
ipratropium NN O
bromide NN O
and CC O
theophylline NN O
in IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
obstructive JJ I-Disease
pulmonary JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
bronchodilator NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
ipratropium NN O
bromide NN O
aerosol NN O
( : O
36 CD O
micrograms NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
theophylline NN O
tablets NNS O
( , O
dose NN O
titrated VBN O
to TO O
produce VB O
serum NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
10 CD O
- SYM O
20 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
mL NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
crossover NN O
study NN O
in IN O
21 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
stable JJ O
, , O
chronic JJ B-Disease
obstructive JJ I-Disease
pulmonary NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean VB O
peak NN O
forced VBN O
expiratory JJ O
volume NN O
in IN O
1 CD O
second NN O
( SYM O
FEV1 CD O
) -RRB- O
increases NNS O
over IN O
baseline NN O
and CC O
the DT O
proportion NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
attaining VBG O
at IN O
least JJS O
a DT O
15 CD O
% NN O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
FEV1 NNP O
( , O
responders NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
31 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
90 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
for IN O
ipratropium NN O
and CC O
17 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
50 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
for IN O
theophylline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
average JJ O
FEV1 NNP O
increases NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
observation NN O
period NN O
were VBD O
18 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
ipratropium NN O
and CC O
8 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
theophylline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
was VBD O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
hours NNS O
with IN O
ipratropium NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
hours NNS O
with IN O
theophylline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
rare JJ O
, , O
those DT O
experienced VBN O
after IN O
theophylline NN O
use NN O
did VBD O
involve VB O
the DT O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
gastrointestinal JJ I-Disease
systems NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
ipratropium NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
more RBR O
potent JJ O
bronchodilator NN O
than IN O
oral JJ O
theophylline NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
airflow NN I-Disease
obstruction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
microglial JJ O
activation NN O
are VBP O
not RB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
fractalkine NN O
receptor NN O
signaling NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methamphetamine NNP O
( -LRB- O
METH NNP O
) -RRB- O
damages VBZ O
dopamine NN O
( -LRB- O
DA NN O
) -RRB- O
nerve JJ O
endings NNS O
by IN O
a DT O
process NN O
that WDT O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
linked VBN O
to IN O
microglial JJ O
activation NN O
but CC O
the DT O
signaling NN O
pathways NNS O
that WDT O
mediate VBP O
this DT O
response NN O
have VBP O
not RB O
yet RB O
been VBN O
delineated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardona NNP O
et FW O
al FW O
. . O
null null null-Disease
[ -LRB- O
Nat NNP O
. . O
Neurosci NNP O
. . O
9 CD O
( SYM O
2006 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
917 CD O
] -RRB- O
recently RB O
identified VBD O
the DT O
microglial NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
fractalkine NN O
receptor NN O
( -LRB- O
CX3CR1 NN O
) -RRB- O
as IN O
an DT O
important JJ O
mediator NN O
of IN O
MPTP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurodegeneration NN B-Disease
of IN O
DA NNP O
neurons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
the DT O
CNS NNP B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
METH NNP O
and CC O
MPTP NNP O
is VBZ O
highly RB O
selective JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
DA NNP O
neuronal JJ O
system NN O
in IN O
mouse NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
hypothesized VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
CX3CR1 NNP O
plays VBZ O
a DT O
role NN O
in IN O
METH NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
microglial JJ O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mice NNS O
in IN O
which WDT O
the DT O
CX3CR1 NNP O
gene NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
deleted VBN O
and CC O
replaced VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
cDNA NN O
encoding NN O
enhanced VBN O
green JJ O
fluorescent NN O
protein NN O
( , O
eGFP NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
METH NNP O
and CC O
examined VBN O
for IN O
striatal JJ O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METH NNP O
depleted VBD O
DA NN O
, , O
caused VBD O
microglial JJ O
activation NN O
, , O
and CC O
increased VBN O
body NN O
temperature NN O
in IN O
CX3CR1 NN O
knockout NN O
mice NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
extent NN O
and CC O
over IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
time NN O
course NN O
seen VBN O
in IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
METH NNP O
in IN O
CX3CR1 NNP O
knockout NN O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
gender NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
and CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
extend VB O
beyond IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Striatal JJ O
microglia NN O
expressing VBG O
eGFP NNP O
constitutively RB O
show VBP O
morphological JJ O
changes NNS O
after IN O
METH NNP O
that WDT O
are VBP O
characteristic JJ O
of IN O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
response NN O
was VBD O
restricted VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
and CC O
contrasted VBN O
sharply RB O
with IN O
unresponsive JJ O
eGFP NNP O
- HYPH O
microglia NN O
in IN O
surrounding VBG O
brain NN O
areas NNS O
that WDT O
are VBP O
not RB O
damaged VBN O
by IN O
METH NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
from IN O
these DT O
studies NNS O
that IN O
CX3CR1 NN O
signaling NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
modulate VB O
METH NN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
or CC O
microglial JJ O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
it PRP O
appears VBZ O
that IN O
striatal JJ O
- HYPH O
resident NN O
microglia NN O
respond VBP O
to IN O
METH NNP O
with IN O
an DT O
activation NN O
cascade NN O
and CC O
then RB O
return VB O
to IN O
a DT O
surveying VBG O
state NN O
without IN O
undergoing VBG O
apoptosis NN O
or CC O
migration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nystagmus NN B-Disease
correlates VBZ O
with IN O
midpontine NN O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pathomechanism NN O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nystagmus NN B-Disease
( , O
NIN NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
delineate VB O
brain NN O
structures NNS O
that WDT O
are VBP O
involved VBN O
in IN O
NIN NNP B-Disease
generation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
healthy JJ O
volunteers NNS O
inhaled VBD O
nicotine NN O
in IN O
darkness NN O
during IN O
a DT O
functional JJ O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
( -LRB- O
fMRI NNP O
) -RRB- O
experiment NN O
; : O
eye NN O
movements NNS O
were VBD O
registered VBN O
using VBG O
video NN O
- HYPH O
oculography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NIN NNP B-Disease
correlated VBD O
with IN O
blood NN O
oxygen NN O
level NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
( : O
BOLD NNP O
) -RRB- O
activity NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
midpontine JJ O
site NN O
in IN O
the DT O
posterior JJ O
basis NN O
pontis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NIN NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
midpontine NN O
activation NN O
may MD O
correspond VB O
to IN O
activation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dorsomedial JJ O
pontine NN O
nuclei NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
nucleus NN O
reticularis NN O
tegmenti NN O
pontis NN O
, , O
structures NNS O
known VBN O
to TO O
participate VB O
in IN O
the DT O
generation NN O
of IN O
multidirectional JJ O
saccades NNS O
and CC O
smooth JJ O
pursuit NN O
eye NN O
movements NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
propylpentanoyl NN O
) -RRB- O
urea NN O
on IN O
hippocampal JJ O
amino NN O
acid NN O
neurotransmitters NNS O
in IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
aimed VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
anticonvulsant JJ O
activity NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
hippocampal JJ O
amino NN O
acid NN O
neurotransmitters NNS O
( , O
glutamate NN O
, , O
aspartate NN O
, , O
glycine NN O
and CC O
GABA NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
( , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
propylpentanoyl NN O
) -RRB- O
urea NN O
( , O
VPU NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
comparison NN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
parent NN O
compound NN O
, , O
valproic JJ O
acid NN O
( , O
VPA NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
VPU NNP O
was VBD O
more RBR O
potent JJ O
than IN O
VPA NNP O
, , O
exhibiting VBG O
the DT O
median JJ O
effective JJ O
dose NN O
( , O
ED NN O
( : O
50 CD O
) -RRB- O
) , O
of IN O
49 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
in IN O
protecting VBG O
rats NNS O
against IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
whereas IN O
the DT O
corresponding VBG O
value NN O
for IN O
VPA NN O
was VBD O
322 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vivo NN O
microdialysis NN O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
an DT O
intraperitoneal JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
pilocarpine NN O
induced VBD O
a DT O
pronounced VBN O
increment NN O
of IN O
hippocampal NN O
glutamate NN O
and CC O
aspartate NN O
whereas IN O
no DT O
significant JJ O
change NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
glycine NN O
and CC O
GABA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
with IN O
either CC O
VPU NNP O
( , O
50 CD O
and CC O
100 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
VPA NN O
( : O
300 CD O
and CC O
600 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
completely RB O
abolished VBN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
extracellular JJ O
glutamate NN O
and CC O
aspartate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
a DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
reduction NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
observed VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
GABA NNP O
and CC O
glycine NN O
but CC O
less JJR O
than IN O
a DT O
drastic JJ O
reduction NN O
of IN O
glutamate NN O
and CC O
aspartate NN O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
finding NN O
that IN O
VPU NNP O
and CC O
VPA NNP O
could MD O
protect VB O
the DT O
animals NNS O
against IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
it PRP O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
inhibitory JJ O
amino NN O
acid NN O
neurotransmitters NNS O
was VBD O
comparatively RB O
minor JJ O
and CC O
offset VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
pronounced VBN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
glutamate NN O
and CC O
aspartate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
like IN O
VPA NNP O
, , O
the DT O
finding NN O
that IN O
VPU NNP O
could MD O
drastically RB O
reduce VB O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
glutamate NN O
and CC O
aspartate NN O
should MD O
account VB O
, , O
at IN O
least JJS O
partly RB O
, , O
for IN O
its PRP$ O
anticonvulsant JJ O
activity NN O
observed VBN O
in IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
in IN O
experimental JJ O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Some DT O
other JJ O
mechanism NN O
than IN O
those DT O
being VBG O
reported VBN O
herein RB O
should MD O
be VB O
further RB O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
verapamil NN O
on IN O
gastric JJ B-Disease
hemorrhagic JJ I-Disease
ulcers NNS B-Disease
in IN O
severe JJ O
atherosclerotic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Studies NNS O
concerning VBG O
with IN O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
gastric JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
and CC O
mucosal JJ O
ulceration NN O
produced VBN O
in IN O
atherosclerotic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
are VBP O
lacking VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
is VBZ O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
gastric JJ O
acid NN O
back NN O
- HYPH O
diffusion NN O
, , O
mast NN O
cell NN O
histamine NN O
release NN O
, , O
lipid NN O
peroxide NN O
( , O
LPO NN O
) -RRB- O
generation NN O
and CC O
mucosal JJ O
microvascular JJ O
permeability NN O
in IN O
modulating VBG O
gastric JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
and CC O
ulcer NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
coadministration NN O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D2 NN O
and CC O
cholesterol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additionally RB O
, , O
the DT O
protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
verapamil NN O
on IN O
this DT O
ulcer NN B-Disease
model NN O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
challenged VBN O
intragastrically RB O
once RB O
daily RB O
for IN O
9 CD O
days NNS O
with IN O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
ml NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
of IN O
corn NN O
oil NN O
containing VBG O
vitamin NN O
D2 NN O
and CC O
cholesterol NN O
to TO O
induce VB O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Control NN O
rats NNS O
received VBD O
corn NN O
oil NN O
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
gastric JJ O
surgery NN O
, , O
rat NN O
stomachs NNS O
were VBD O
irrigated VBN O
for IN O
3 CD O
h NN O
with IN O
either CC O
simulated VBN O
gastric JJ O
juice NN O
or CC O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gastric JJ O
acid NN O
back NN O
- HYPH O
diffusion NN O
, , O
mucosal JJ O
LPO NN O
generation NN O
, , O
histamine NN O
concentration NN O
, , O
microvascular JJ O
permeability NN O
, , O
luminal JJ O
hemoglobin NN O
content NN O
and CC O
ulcer NN B-Disease
areas NNS O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Elevated JJ O
atherosclerotic JJ B-Disease
parameters NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
serum NN O
calcium NN O
, , O
total JJ O
cholesterol NN O
and CC O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
density NN O
lipoprotein NN O
concentration NN O
were VBD O
obtained VBN O
in IN O
atherosclerotic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
gastric JJ O
ulcers NNS B-Disease
accompanied VBN O
with IN O
increased VBN O
ulcerogenic JJ O
factors NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
gastric JJ O
acid NN O
back NN O
- HYPH O
diffusion NN O
, , O
histamine NN O
release NN O
, , O
LPO NN O
generation NN O
and CC O
luminal JJ O
hemoglobin NN O
content NN O
were VBD O
also RB O
observed VBN O
in IN O
these DT O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
a DT O
positive JJ O
correlation NN O
of IN O
histamine NN O
to IN O
gastric JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
and CC O
to IN O
ulcer NN B-Disease
was VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
those DT O
atherosclerotic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
ulcer NN B-Disease
and CC O
various JJ O
ulcerogenic JJ O
parameters NNS O
were VBD O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependently RB O
ameliorated VBN O
by IN O
daily JJ O
intragastric JJ O
verapamil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
could MD O
produce VB O
gastric JJ B-Disease
hemorrhagic JJ I-Disease
ulcer NN B-Disease
via IN O
aggravation NN O
of IN O
gastric JJ O
acid NN O
back NN O
- HYPH O
diffusion NN O
, , O
LPO NN O
generation NN O
, , O
histamine NN O
release NN O
and CC O
microvascular JJ O
permeability NN O
that WDT O
could MD O
be VB O
ameliorated VBN O
by IN O
verapamil NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lamivudine NNP O
for IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
virus NN O
reactivation NN O
in IN O
hepatitis NN O
- HYPH O
B NN O
surface NN O
antigen NN O
( -LRB- O
HBSAG NNP O
) -RRB- O
seropositive JJ O
cancer NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
cytotoxic JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
virus NN O
( , O
HBV NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
major JJ O
causes NNS O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
worldwide RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cancer NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
chronic JJ O
carriers NNS O
of IN O
HBV NNP O
have VBP O
a DT O
higher JJR O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
complication NN I-Disease
rate NN O
while IN O
receiving VBG O
cytotoxic JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
( -LRB- O
CT NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
this DT O
has VBZ O
mainly RB O
been VBN O
attributed VBN O
to IN O
HBV NNP O
reactivation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
cancer NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
solid JJ O
and CC O
hematological JJ B-Disease
malignancies NNS I-Disease
with IN O
chronic JJ O
HBV NN B-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
received VBD O
the DT O
antiviral JJ O
agent NN O
lamivudine NN O
prior RB O
and CC O
during IN O
CT NNP O
compared VBN O
with IN O
historical JJ O
control NN O
group NN O
who WP O
did VBD O
not RB O
receive VB O
lamivudine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
objectives NNS O
were VBD O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
lamivudine NN O
in IN O
reducing VBG O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
HBV NN O
reactivation NN O
, , O
and CC O
diminishing VBG O
morbidity NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
during IN O
CT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
prophylactic JJ O
lamivudin NN O
group NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
37 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
prophylactic JJ O
lamivudine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
historical JJ O
controls NNS O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
50 CD O
consecutive JJ O
patients NNS O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
CT NNP O
without IN O
prophylactic JJ O
lamivudine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
were VBD O
followed VBN O
up RP O
during IN O
and CC O
for IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
CT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
outcomes NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
for IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
our PRP$ O
control NN O
group NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
50 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
21 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
42 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
established VBN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twelve CD O
( SYM O
24 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
of IN O
them PRP O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
as IN O
severe JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
prophylactic JJ O
lamivudine NN O
group NN O
severe JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
were VBD O
observed VBN O
only RB O
in IN O
1 CD O
patient NN O
( , O
2 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
37 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
006 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mean JJ O
ALT NN O
values NNS O
revealed VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
mean JJ O
alanine NN O
aminotransferase NN O
( -LRB- O
ALT NNP O
) -RRB- O
values NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
than IN O
the DT O
prophylactic JJ O
lamivudine NN O
group NN O
; : O
154 CD O
: : O
64 CD O
( , O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
32 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
study NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
prophylactic JJ O
lamivudine NN O
significantly RB O
decreases VBZ O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
HBV NN O
reactivation NN O
and CC O
overall JJ O
morbidity NN O
in IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
during IN O
and CC O
after IN O
immunosuppressive JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
studies NNS O
are VBP O
needed VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
most RBS O
appropriate JJ O
nucleoside NN O
or CC O
nucleotide NN O
analogue NN O
for IN O
antiviral JJ O
prophylaxis NN O
during IN O
CT NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
optimal JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
administration NN O
after IN O
completion NN O
of IN O
CT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recovery NN O
of IN O
tacrolimus NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
brachial JJ B-Disease
neuritis NN I-Disease
after IN O
conversion NN O
to IN O
everolimus NN O
in IN O
a DT O
pediatric JJ O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
recipient JJ O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
case NN O
report NN O
and CC O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TAC NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
potent JJ O
immunosuppressive JJ O
agent NN O
for IN O
solid JJ O
organ NN O
transplantation NN O
in IN O
pediatrics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
potentially RB O
serious JJ O
toxic JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
headaches NNS B-Disease
, , O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
neurological JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
, , O
we PRP O
describe VBP O
an DT O
eight CD O
- HYPH O
and CC O
- HYPH O
a DT O
- HYPH O
half NN O
- HYPH O
yr NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male JJ O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
recipient NN O
with IN O
right JJ O
BN NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MRI NNP O
demonstrated VBD O
hyperintense JJ O
T2 NN O
signals NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
cervical JJ O
cord NN O
and CC O
right JJ O
brachial JJ O
plexus NN O
roots NNS O
indicative JJ O
of IN O
both CC O
myelitis NN B-Disease
and CC O
right JJ O
brachial JJ B-Disease
plexitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Symptoms NNS O
persisted VBD O
for IN O
three CD O
months NNS O
despite IN O
TAC NNP O
dose NN O
reduction NN O
, , O
administration NN O
of IN O
IVIG NNP O
and CC O
four CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
pulse NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Improvement NN O
and CC O
eventually RB O
full JJ O
recovery NN O
only RB O
occurred VBD O
after IN O
TAC NNP O
was VBD O
completely RB O
discontinued VBN O
and CC O
successfully RB O
replaced VBN O
by IN O
everolimus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Omitting VBG O
fentanyl NN O
reduces VBZ O
nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
, , O
without IN O
increasing VBG O
pain NN B-Disease
, , O
after IN O
sevoflurane NN O
for IN O
day NN O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
AND CC O
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
Despite IN O
advantages NNS O
of IN O
induction NN O
and CC O
maintenance NN O
of IN O
anaesthesia NN O
with IN O
sevoflurane NN O
, , O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
nausea NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
vomiting NN I-Disease
occurs VBZ O
frequently RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fentanyl NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
supplement NN O
that WDT O
may MD O
contribute VB O
to IN O
this DT O
, , O
although IN O
it PRP O
may MD O
also RB O
improve VB O
analgesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
study NN O
examined VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
nausea NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
vomiting NN I-Disease
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
24 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
sevoflurane NN O
anaesthesia NN O
in IN O
216 CD O
adult NN O
day NN O
surgery NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
allocated VBN O
to TO O
either CC O
receive VB O
or CC O
not RB O
receive VB O
1 CD O
1 CD O
fentanyl NN O
, , O
while IN O
a DT O
third JJ O
group NN O
received VBD O
dexamethasone NN O
in IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
fentanyl NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Omission NN O
of IN O
fentanyl NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
reduce VB O
the DT O
overall JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
nausea NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
vomiting NN I-Disease
, , O
but CC O
did VBD O
reduce VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
vomiting NN B-Disease
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
moderate JJ O
to IN O
severe JJ O
nausea NN B-Disease
prior RB O
to IN O
discharge NN O
from IN O
20 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
17 CD O
% NN O
with IN O
fentanyl NN O
and CC O
fentanyl NN O
- HYPH O
dexamethasone NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
to IN O
5 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
013 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antiemetic JJ O
requirements NNS O
were VBD O
reduced VBN O
from IN O
24 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
31 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
7 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0012 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexamethasone NNP O
had VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
or CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
nausea NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
vomiting NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Combining VBG O
the DT O
two CD O
fentanyl NN O
groups NNS O
revealed VBD O
further JJ O
significant JJ O
benefits NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
avoidance NN O
of IN O
opioids NNS O
, , O
reducing VBG O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
nausea NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
vomiting NN I-Disease
and CC O
nausea NN B-Disease
prior RB O
to IN O
discharge NN O
from IN O
35 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
33 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
22 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
19 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
049 CD O
and CC O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
035 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
while IN O
nausea NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
24 CD O
h NN O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
from IN O
42 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
27 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
034 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
severity NN O
and CC O
analgesic JJ O
requirements NNS O
were VBD O
unaffected JJ O
by IN O
the DT O
omission NN O
of IN O
fentanyl NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fentanyl NNP O
did VBD O
reduce VB O
minor JJ O
intraoperative JJ O
movement NN O
but CC O
had VBD O
no DT O
sevoflurane NN O
- HYPH O
sparing VBG O
effect NN O
and CC O
increased VBN O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
, , O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
As IN O
fentanyl NN O
exacerbated VBD O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
nausea NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
vomiting NN I-Disease
without IN O
an DT O
improvement NN O
in IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
and CC O
also RB O
had VBD O
adverse JJ O
cardiorespiratory JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
an DT O
unnecessary JJ O
and CC O
possibly RB O
detrimental JJ O
supplement NN O
to IN O
sevoflurane NN O
in IN O
day NN O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Valvular NNP B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
pergolide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Course NN O
following VBG O
treatment NN O
modifications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Valvular JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
PD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
treated VBN O
with IN O
pergolide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
these DT O
abnormalities NNS O
vary VBP O
from IN O
study NN O
to IN O
study NN O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
course NN O
after IN O
drug NN O
withdrawal NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
systematically RB O
assessed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
estimate VB O
the DT O
frequency NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
valvular JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
abnormality NN I-Disease
and CC O
its PRP$ O
possible JJ O
reversibility NN O
after IN O
drug NN O
withdrawal NN O
in IN O
a DT O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
All DT O
PD NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
Amiens NNP O
area NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
pergolide NN O
were VBD O
invited VBN O
to TO O
attend VB O
a DT O
cardiologic JJ O
assessment NN O
including VBG O
transthoracic JJ O
echocardiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
PD NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
participated VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
second JJ O
echocardiography NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
( , O
median JJ O
interval NN O
: : O
13 CD O
months NNS O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
pergolide NN O
withdrawal NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Controls NNS O
were VBD O
age NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
sex NN O
- HYPH O
matched VBN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
PD NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
referred VBD O
to IN O
the DT O
cardiology NN O
department NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Compared VBN O
to IN O
controls NNS O
, , O
aortic JJ B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
( , O
OR CC O
: : O
3 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
IC NN O
: : O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- SYM O
8 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
mitral JJ B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
( : O
OR CC O
: : O
10 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
IC NN O
: : O
2 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
53 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
more RBR O
frequent JJ O
in IN O
PD NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
( : O
tricuspid NN O
: : O
NS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
number NN O
of IN O
affected VBN O
valves NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
sum NN O
of IN O
regurgitation NN O
grades NNS O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
09 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
higher JJR O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
008 CD O
and CC O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
006 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
pergolide NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severity NN O
of IN O
regurgitation NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
pergolide NN O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
restrictive JJ O
pattern NN O
of IN O
valvular JJ B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
, , O
suggestive JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
pergolide NN O
, , O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
12 CD O
/ SYM O
30 CD O
( SYM O
40 CD O
% NN O
) , O
patients NNS O
including VBG O
two CD O
with IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pergolide NNP O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
in IN O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
valvular JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
a DT O
lower JJR O
regurgitation NN O
grade NN O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
transthoracic JJ O
echocardiography NN O
and CC O
the DT O
two CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
returned VBN O
to IN O
nearly RB O
normal JJ O
clinical JJ O
examination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
supports VBZ O
the DT O
high JJ O
frequency NN O
of IN O
restrictive JJ O
valve NN B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
in IN O
PD NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
pergolide NN O
and CC O
reveals VBZ O
that IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
improvement NN O
is VBZ O
usual JJ O
when WRB O
the DT O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
converted VBN O
to IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
ergot VBN O
dopamine NN O
agonists NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
autophagic JJ O
cardiomyocyte NN O
death NN B-Disease
plays VBZ O
a DT O
pathogenic JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
a DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
of IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
mechanisms NNS O
underlying VBG O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
adriamycin NN O
are VBP O
very RB O
complicated JJ O
and CC O
still RB O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
whether IN O
autophagy NN O
was VBD O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
progression NN O
of IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
adriamycin NN O
, , O
so IN O
that IN O
we PRP O
can MD O
develop VB O
a DT O
novel JJ O
treatment NN O
strategy NN O
for IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
methyladenine NN O
( -LRB- O
3MA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
specific JJ O
inhibitor NN O
on IN O
autophagy NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
model NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
adriamycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neonatal JJ O
cardiomyocytes NNS O
were VBD O
isolated VBN O
from IN O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rat NN O
hearts NNS O
and CC O
randomly RB O
divided VBN O
into IN O
controls NNS O
, , O
an DT O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
3MA NNP O
plus CC O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
then RB O
examined VBD O
the DT O
morphology NN O
, , O
expression NN O
of IN O
beclin NN O
1 CD O
gene NN O
, , O
mitochondrial JJ O
permeability NN O
transition NN O
( , O
MPT NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
Na NN O
+ CC O
- HYPH O
K NN O
+ CC O
ATPase NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
vivo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
also RB O
assessed VBD O
cell NN O
viability NN O
, , O
mitochondrial JJ O
membrane NN O
potential JJ O
changes NNS O
and CC O
counted VBD O
autophagic JJ O
vacuoles NNS O
in IN O
cultured VBN O
cardiomyocytes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
we PRP O
analyzed VBD O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
autophagy NN O
associated VBN O
gene NN O
, , O
beclin NN O
1 CD O
using VBG O
RT NNP O
- HYPH O
PCR NN O
and CC O
Western JJ O
blotting NN O
in IN O
an DT O
animal NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
3MA NNP O
significantly RB O
improved VBD O
cardiac JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
reduced VBD O
mitochondrial JJ O
injury NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
adriamycin NN O
induced VBD O
the DT O
formation NN O
of IN O
autophagic JJ O
vacuoles NNS O
, , O
and CC O
3MA NNP O
strongly RB O
downregulated VBD O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
beclin NN O
1 CD O
in IN O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
failing VBG O
heart NN O
and CC O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
formation NN O
of IN O
autophagic JJ O
vacuoles NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Autophagic JJ O
cardiomyocyte NN O
death NN B-Disease
plays VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
adriamycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mitochondrial JJ O
injury NN O
may MD O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
progression NN O
of IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
adriamycin NN O
via IN O
the DT O
autophagy NN O
pathway NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
mToR NN O
inhibitors NNS O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
: : O
mechanisms NNS O
, , O
significance NN O
, , O
and CC O
management NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Massive JJ O
urinary JJ O
protein NN O
excretion NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
observed VBN O
after IN O
conversion NN O
from IN O
calcineurin NN O
inhibitors NNS O
to IN O
mammalian JJ O
target NN O
of IN O
rapamycin NN O
( , O
mToR NNP O
) -RRB- O
inhibitors NNS O
, , O
especially RB O
sirolimus NN O
, , O
in IN O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
allograft NN I-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
predictive JJ O
factor NN O
of IN O
poor JJ O
transplantation NN O
outcome NN O
, , O
many JJ O
studies NNS O
focused VBD O
on IN O
this DT O
adverse JJ O
event NN O
during IN O
the DT O
past JJ O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whether IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
was VBD O
due JJ O
to IN O
sirolimus NN O
or CC O
only RB O
a DT O
consequence NN O
of IN O
calcineurin NN O
inhibitors NNS O
withdrawal NN O
remained VBD O
unsolved JJ O
until IN O
high JJ O
range NN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
observed VBN O
during IN O
sirolimus NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
islet NN O
transplantation NN O
and CC O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
sirolimus NN O
de FW O
novo FW O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Podocyte NN O
injury NN O
and CC O
focal JJ O
segmental JJ O
glomerulosclerosis NN B-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
related VBN O
to IN O
mToR NNP O
inhibition NN O
in IN O
some DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
pathways NNS O
underlying VBG O
these DT O
lesions NNS O
remain VBP O
hypothetic JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
discuss VBP O
herein RB O
the DT O
possible JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
significance NN O
of IN O
mToR NNP O
blockade NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuropsychiatric JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
mefloquine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
describes VBZ O
neuropsychiatric JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
mefloquine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reactions NNS O
consisted VBD O
mainly RB O
of IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
acute JJ O
psychoses NNS B-Disease
, , O
anxiety NN B-Disease
neurosis NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
major JJ O
disturbances NNS B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
sleep NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
wake NN I-Disease
rhythm NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Side JJ O
effects NNS O
occurred VBD O
after IN O
both CC O
therapeutic JJ O
and CC O
prophylactic JJ O
intake NN O
and CC O
were VBD O
graded VBN O
from IN O
moderate JJ O
to IN O
severe JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
risk NN O
analysis NN O
of IN O
neuropsychiatric JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
in IN O
Germany NNP O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
estimated VBN O
that IN O
one CD O
of IN O
8 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
mefloquine JJ O
users NNS O
suffers VBZ O
from IN O
such JJ O
reactions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
calculation NN O
revealed VBD O
that IN O
one CD O
of IN O
215 CD O
therapeutic JJ O
users NNS O
had VBD O
reactions NNS O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
one CD O
of IN O
13 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
in IN O
the DT O
prophylaxis NN O
group NN O
, , O
making VBG O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
neuropsychiatric JJ O
reactions NNS O
after IN O
mefloquine NN O
treatment NN O
60 CD O
times NNS O
higher JJR O
than IN O
after IN O
prophylaxis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
certain JJ O
limitations NNS O
for IN O
malaria NN B-Disease
prophylaxis NN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
with IN O
mefloquine NN O
are VBP O
recommended VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prenatal JJ O
protein NN O
deprivation NN O
alters VBZ O
dopamine NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
behaviors NNS O
and CC O
dopaminergic JJ O
and CC O
glutamatergic JJ O
receptor NN O
binding NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epidemiological JJ O
evidence NN O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
prenatal JJ O
nutritional JJ O
deprivation NN O
may MD O
increase VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
goal NN O
of IN O
these DT O
studies NNS O
was VBD O
to TO O
use VB O
an DT O
animal NN O
model NN O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
prenatal JJ O
protein NN O
deprivation NN O
on IN O
behaviors NNS O
and CC O
receptor NN O
binding NN O
with IN O
relevance NN O
to IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
that IN O
prenatally RB O
protein NN O
deprived VBN O
( , O
PD NN O
) -RRB- O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
showed VBD O
an DT O
increased VBN O
stereotypic JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
apomorphine NN O
and CC O
an DT O
increased JJ O
locomotor NN O
response NN O
to IN O
amphetamine NN O
in IN O
adulthood NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
differences NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
observed VBN O
during IN O
puberty NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
or CC O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotion NN O
were VBD O
seen VBN O
following VBG O
PD NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
PD NN O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
showed VBD O
increased JJ O
( , O
3 CD O
) SYM O
H NN O
- HYPH O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
binding NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
and CC O
hippocampus NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
the DT O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PD NN O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
also RB O
showed VBD O
increased JJ O
( , O
3 CD O
) SYM O
H NN O
- HYPH O
haloperidol NN O
binding NN O
and CC O
decreased VBN O
dopamine NN O
transporter NN O
binding NN O
in IN O
striatum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
behavior NN O
or CC O
receptor NN O
binding NN O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
PD NN O
males NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
exception NN O
of IN O
increased VBN O
( , O
3 CD O
) SYM O
H NNP O
- HYPH O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
binding NN O
in IN O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
animal NN O
model NN O
may MD O
be VB O
useful JJ O
to TO O
explore VB O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
by IN O
which WDT O
prenatal JJ O
nutritional JJ B-Disease
deficiency NN I-Disease
enhances VBZ O
risk NN O
for IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
in IN O
humans NNS O
and CC O
may MD O
also RB O
have VB O
implications NNS O
for IN O
developmental JJ O
processes NNS O
leading VBG O
to IN O
differential JJ O
sensitivity NN O
to IN O
drugs NNS O
of IN O
abuse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
topical JJ O
papaverine NN O
on IN O
auditory JJ O
nerve NN O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Papaverine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
direct JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
vasodilator NN O
used VBN O
to TO O
manage VB O
vasospasm NN B-Disease
during IN O
various JJ O
neurosurgical JJ O
operations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Transient JJ O
cranial JJ B-Disease
nerve NN I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
described VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
cases NNS O
with IN O
topical JJ O
papaverine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
supports VBZ O
previous JJ O
reports NNS O
and CC O
provides VBZ O
neurophysiological JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
an DT O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
auditory JJ O
nerve NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
conducted VBD O
a DT O
retrospective JJ O
review NN O
of IN O
70 CD O
consecutive JJ O
microvascular JJ O
decompression NN O
operations NNS O
and CC O
studied VBD O
those DT O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
topical JJ O
papaverine NN O
for IN O
vasospasm NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Topical JJ O
papaverine NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
direct JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
action NN O
to TO O
manage VB O
vasospasm NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
timing NN O
of IN O
papaverine NN O
application NN O
and CC O
ongoing JJ O
operative NN O
events NNS O
was VBD O
reviewed VBN O
relative JJ O
to IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
neurophysiological JJ O
recordings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Brainstem NN O
auditory NN O
evoked VBD O
potentials NNS O
( , O
BAEPs NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
routinely RB O
used VBN O
to TO O
monitor VB O
cochlear JJ O
nerve NN O
function NN O
during IN O
these DT O
operations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
FINDINGS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
temporal JJ O
relationship NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
between IN O
topical JJ O
papaverine NN O
and CC O
BAEP NN O
changes NNS O
leading VBG O
to IN O
complete JJ O
waveform NN O
loss NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
average JJ O
temporal JJ O
delay NN O
between IN O
papaverine NN O
and CC O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
an DT O
adverse JJ O
BAEP NNP O
change NN O
was VBD O
5 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
10 CD O
of IN O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
BAEP NNP O
waves VBZ O
II NNP O
/ SYM O
III NNP O
- HYPH O
V NNP O
completely RB O
disappeared VBD O
within IN O
2 CD O
to TO O
25 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
papaverine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
of IN O
these DT O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
complete JJ O
loss NN O
of IN O
BAEP NNP O
waveforms NNS O
within IN O
10 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
showed VBD O
no DT O
recovery NN O
of IN O
later JJ O
waves NNS O
and CC O
a DT O
delayed VBN O
profound JJ O
sensorineural JJ B-Disease
hearing NN I-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
average JJ O
recovery NN O
time NN O
of IN O
BAEP NNP O
waveforms NNS O
to IN O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
papaverine NN O
baseline NN O
values NNS O
was VBD O
39 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Topical JJ O
papaverine NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
vasospasm NN B-Disease
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
a DT O
transient JJ O
disturbance NN O
in IN O
neurophysiological JJ O
function NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ascending JJ O
auditory JJ O
brainstem NN O
pathway NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
complete JJ O
disappearance NN O
of IN O
BAEP NNP O
waveforms NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
consistent JJ O
temporal JJ O
delay NN O
suggests VBZ O
a DT O
possible JJ O
adverse JJ B-Disease
effect NN I-Disease
on IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
proximal JJ I-Disease
eighth JJ I-Disease
nerve NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recommendations NNS O
to TO O
avoid VB O
potential JJ O
cranial JJ B-Disease
nerve NN I-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
from IN O
papaverine NN O
are VBP O
provided VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Simvastatin NN O
- HYPH O
ezetimibe NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBD O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
necessitating VBG O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Abstract JJ O
Serum NN O
aminotransferase NN O
elevations NNS O
are VBP O
a DT O
commonly RB O
known VBN O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
methylglutaryl NN O
coenzyme NN O
A NN O
reductase NN O
inhibitor NN O
( , O
statin NN O
) -RRB- O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
hepatotoxic JJ B-Disease
events NNS O
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
widely RB O
published VBN O
with IN O
ezetimibe NN O
or CC O
the DT O
combination NN O
agent NN O
simvastatin NN O
- HYPH O
ezetimibe NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
70 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
Hispanic JJ O
woman NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
fulminant JJ B-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
necessitating VBG O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
10 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
conversion NN O
from IN O
simvastatin NN O
40 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
to IN O
simvastatin NN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
- HYPH O
ezetimibe NN O
40 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NN O
lipid NN O
panel NN O
had VBD O
been VBN O
maintained VBN O
with IN O
simvastatin NN O
for IN O
18 CD O
months NNS O
before IN O
the DT O
conversion NN O
without IN O
evidence NN O
of IN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
routine JJ O
laboratory NN O
work NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
10 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
conversion NN O
revealed VBD O
elevated VBN O
serum JJ O
aminotransferase NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Simvastatinezetimibe NN O
and CC O
escitalopram NN O
( , O
which WDT O
she PRP O
was VBD O
taking VBG O
for IN O
depression NN B-Disease
) , O
were VBD O
discontinued VBN O
, , O
and CC O
other JJ O
potential JJ O
causes NNS O
of IN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
were VBD O
excluded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
repeat NN O
work NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
revealed VBD O
further JJ O
elevations NNS O
in IN O
aminotransferase NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
and CC O
liver NN O
biopsy NN O
revealed VBD O
evidence NN O
of IN O
moderate JJ O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
severe JJ O
drug NN B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
underwent VBD O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
with IN O
an DT O
uneventful JJ O
postoperative JJ O
course NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
aminotransferase NN O
levels NNS O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
by IN O
postoperative JJ O
day NN O
23 CD O
, , O
and CC O
her PRP$ O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
showed VBD O
no DT O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ezetimibe NNP O
undergoes VBZ O
extensive JJ O
glucuronidation NN O
by IN O
uridine NN O
diphosphate NN O
glucoronosyltransferases NNS O
( , O
UGT NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
intestine NN O
and CC O
liver NN O
and CC O
may MD O
have VB O
inhibited VBN O
the DT O
glucuronidation NN O
of IN O
simvastatin NN O
hydroxy NN O
acid NN O
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
increased VBN O
simvastatin JJ O
exposure NN O
and CC O
subsequent JJ O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
our PRP$ O
knowledge NN O
, , O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
report NN O
of IN O
simvastatin NN O
- HYPH O
ezetimibe NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
liver NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
that WDT O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
postulate VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
the DT O
simvastatinezetimibe NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
the DT O
increased VBN O
simvastatin NN O
exposure NN O
by IN O
ezetimibe NN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
UGT NNP O
enzymes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinicians NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
potential JJ O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
with IN O
simvastatin NN O
- HYPH O
ezetimibe NN O
especially RB O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
and CC O
should MD O
carefully RB O
monitor VB O
serum NN O
aminotransferase NN O
levels NNS O
when WRB O
starting VBG O
therapy NN O
and CC O
titrating VBG O
the DT O
dosage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Massive JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
after IN O
oral JJ O
bisphosphonate NN O
( -LRB- O
alendronate NN O
) -RRB- O
administration NN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
focal JJ B-Disease
segmental JJ I-Disease
glomerulosclerosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
61 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
Japanese JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
focal JJ B-Disease
segmental JJ I-Disease
glomerulosclerosis NN I-Disease
was VBD O
initially RB O
responding VBG O
well RB O
to IN O
steroid NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
amount NN O
of IN O
daily JJ O
urinary JJ O
protein NN O
decreased VBD O
from IN O
15 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
to IN O
2 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
g LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Within IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
oral JJ O
bisphosphonate NN O
( , O
alendronate NN O
sodium NN O
) -RRB- O
administration NN O
, , O
the DT O
amount NN O
of IN O
daily JJ O
urinary JJ O
protein NN O
increased VBD O
rapidly RB O
up RB O
to IN O
12 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
g NN O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
discontinuing VBG O
the DT O
oral JJ O
alendronate NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
underwent VBD O
six CD O
cycles NNS O
of IN O
hemodialysis NN O
and CC O
four CD O
cycles NNS O
of IN O
LDL NNP O
apheresis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urinary JJ O
volume NN O
and CC O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
levels NNS O
recovered VBD O
to IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
range NN O
, , O
with IN O
urinary JJ O
protein NN O
disappearing VBG O
completely RB O
within IN O
40 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
report NN O
demonstrates VBZ O
that IN O
not RB O
only RB O
intravenous JJ O
, , O
but CC O
also RB O
oral JJ O
bisphosphonates NNS O
can MD O
aggravate VB O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
glucocorticoid NN O
- HYPH O
inducible JJ O
kinase NN O
1 CD O
in IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doxorubicin NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
leads VBZ O
to IN O
epithelial JJ O
sodium NN O
channel NN O
( , O
ENaC NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
volume NN B-Disease
retention NN I-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aldosterone NN O
- HYPH O
sensitive JJ O
serum NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
glucocorticoid NN O
- HYPH O
inducible JJ O
kinase NN O
SGK1 NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
participate VB O
in IN O
the DT O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
ENaC NNP O
and CC O
to TO O
mediate VB O
renal JJ O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
following VBG O
mineralocorticoid NN O
and CC O
salt NN O
excess NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
to TO O
elucidate VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
SGK1 NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
volume NN B-Disease
retention NN I-Disease
and CC O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
during IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
this DT O
end NN O
, , O
doxorubicin NN O
( , O
15 CD O
mug NN O
/ SYM O
g NN O
body NN O
wt NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
intravenously RB O
into IN O
gene NN O
- HYPH O
targeted VBN O
mice NNS O
lacking VBG O
SGK1 NNP O
( -LRB- O
sgk1 NN O
( , O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
littermates NNS O
( : O
sgk1 NN O
( -LRB- O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
+ CC O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doxorubicin NNP O
treatment NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
heavy JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
( : O
> SYM O
100 CD O
mg NN O
protein NN O
/ SYM O
mg NN O
crea NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
15 CD O
/ SYM O
44 CD O
of IN O
sgk1 NN O
( , O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
+ CC O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
15 CD O
/ SYM O
44 CD O
of IN O
sgk1 NN O
( , O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) , O
mice NNS O
leading VBG O
to IN O
severe JJ O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
with IN O
ascites NNS B-Disease
, , O
lipidemia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
hypoalbuminemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
genotypes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
aldosterone NN O
levels NNS O
increased VBD O
in IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
mice NNS O
of IN O
both DT O
genotypes NNS O
and CC O
was VBD O
followed VBN O
by IN O
increased VBN O
SGK1 NN O
protein NN O
expression NN O
in IN O
sgk1 NN O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
+ CC O
) NFP O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urinary JJ O
sodium NN O
excretion NN O
reached VBD O
signficantly RB O
lower JJR O
values NNS O
in IN O
sgk1 NN O
( : O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
+ CC O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
( : O
15 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
mumol NN O
/ SYM O
mg NN O
crea NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
in IN O
sgk1 NN O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) SYM O
mice NNS O
( , O
35 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
mumol NN O
/ SYM O
mg NN O
crea NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
body NN O
weight NN B-Disease
gain NN I-Disease
in IN O
sgk1 NN O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
+ CC O
) NFP O
compared VBN O
with IN O
sgk1 NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) SYM O
mice NNS O
( : O
+ SYM O
6 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
+ SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
g NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
, , O
serum JJ O
urea NN O
concentrations NNS O
increased VBD O
significantly RB O
faster RBR O
in IN O
sgk1 NN O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
than IN O
in IN O
sgk1 NN O
( , O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
+ CC O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
leading VBG O
to IN O
uremia NN B-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
reduced VBN O
median JJ O
survival NN O
in IN O
sgk1 NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) SYM O
mice NNS O
( : O
29 CD O
vs NNS O
. . O
40 CD O
days NNS O
in IN O
sgk1 NN O
( : O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
+ CC O
) NFP O
mice NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
gene NN O
- HYPH O
targeted VBN O
mice NNS O
lacking VBG O
SGK1 NNP O
showed VBD O
blunted VBN O
volume NN B-Disease
retention NN I-Disease
, , O
yet CC O
were VBD O
not RB O
protected VBN O
against IN O
renal JJ O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
during IN O
experimental JJ O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
and CC O
haemolytic JJ B-Disease
anaemia NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
ciprofloxacin NN O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
with IN O
fatal JJ O
outcome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haematological JJ O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
fatal JJ O
outcome NN O
are VBP O
rare JJ O
during IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
ciprofloxacin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
old JJ O
Caucasian JJ O
man NN O
reported VBD O
with IN O
abdominal JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
and CC O
jaundice NN B-Disease
after IN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
administration NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
ciprofloxacin NN O
for IN O
a DT O
suspect NN O
of IN O
urinary JJ B-Disease
tract NN I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
evaluations NNS O
suggested VBD O
an DT O
initial JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
and CC O
haemolysis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
progressively RB O
developed VBD O
petechiae NN B-Disease
and CC O
purpura NN B-Disease
on IN O
thorax NN O
and CC O
lower JJR O
limbs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
pharmacological JJ O
and CC O
supportive JJ O
interventions NNS O
, , O
laboratory NN O
parameters NNS O
worsened VBD O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
died VBD O
17 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
admission NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
accurate JJ O
autopsy NN O
revealed VBD O
most JJS O
organs NNS O
with IN O
diffuse JJ O
petechial JJ O
haemorrhages NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
signs NNS O
of IN O
bone NN B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
were VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
thrombi NN B-Disease
or CC O
signs NNS O
of IN O
microangiopathies NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
arterial JJ O
vessels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blood NN O
and CC O
urine NN O
cultures NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
show VB O
any DT O
bacterial JJ O
growth NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
report NN O
shows VBZ O
that IN O
ciprofloxacin NN O
may MD O
precipitate VB O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
and CC O
haemolytic JJ B-Disease
anaemia NN I-Disease
, , O
even RB O
in IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
phases NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
without IN O
apparent JJ O
previous JJ O
exposures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Alpha NN O
- HYPH O
lipoic NN O
acid NN O
prevents VBZ O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
and CC O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
experimental JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
study NN O
investigates VBZ O
if IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
lipoic NN O
acid NN O
is VBZ O
neuroprotective JJ O
against IN O
chemotherapy NN O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
if IN O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
plays VBZ O
a DT O
critical JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
toxic JJ B-Disease
neurodegenerative JJ I-Disease
cascade NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
if IN O
neuroprotective JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
lipoic NN O
acid NN O
depend VBP O
on IN O
mitochondria NN O
protection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
used VBD O
an DT O
in FW O
vitro FW O
model NN O
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
induced VBN O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
that WDT O
closely RB O
mimic VBP O
the DT O
in IN O
vivo NN O
condition NN O
by IN O
exposing VBG O
primary JJ O
cultures NNS O
of IN O
dorsal JJ O
root NN O
ganglion NN O
( , O
DRG NNP O
) -RRB- O
sensory NN O
neurons NNS O
to IN O
paclitaxel NN O
and CC O
cisplatin NN O
, , O
two CD O
widely RB O
used VBN O
and CC O
highly RB O
effective JJ O
chemotherapeutic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
approach NN O
allowed VBD O
investigating VBG O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
lipoic NN O
acid NN O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
axonal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
and CC O
apoptosis NN O
and CC O
the DT O
function NN O
and CC O
ultrastructural JJ O
morphology NN O
of IN O
mitochondria NN O
after IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
toxic JJ O
agents NNS O
and CC O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
lipoic NN O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
both CC O
cisplatin NN O
and CC O
paclitaxel NN O
cause VBP O
early JJ O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
with IN O
loss NN O
of IN O
membrane NN O
potential NN O
and CC O
induction NN O
of IN O
autophagic JJ O
vacuoles NNS O
in IN O
neurons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Alpha NN O
- HYPH O
lipoic NN O
acid NN O
exerts VBZ O
neuroprotective JJ O
effects NNS O
against IN O
chemotherapy NN O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
sensory JJ O
neurons NNS O
: : O
it PRP O
rescues VBZ O
the DT O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
and CC O
induces VBZ O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
frataxin NN O
, , O
an DT O
essential JJ O
mitochondrial JJ O
protein NN O
with IN O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
oxidant JJ O
and CC O
chaperone NN O
properties NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
an DT O
early JJ O
common JJ O
event NN O
both CC O
in IN O
paclitaxel NN O
and CC O
cisplatin NN O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Alpha NN O
- HYPH O
lipoic NN O
acid NN O
protects VBZ O
sensory JJ O
neurons NNS O
through IN O
its PRP$ O
anti AFX O
- HYPH O
oxidant JJ O
and CC O
mitochondrial JJ O
regulatory JJ O
functions NNS O
, , O
possibly RB O
inducing VBG O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
frataxin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
lipoic NN O
acid NN O
might MD O
reduce VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
developing VBG O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
nerve NN I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
chemotherapy NN O
and CC O
encourage VB O
further JJ O
confirmatory JJ O
clinical JJ O
trials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
rhesus NN O
monkeys NNS O
following VBG O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
aminoquinoline NN O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
( SYM O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
amino NN O
- HYPH O
l NN O
- HYPH O
methylbutyl NN O
) -RRB- O
amino NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
( , O
l NN O
- HYPH O
hexyloxy NN O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
methoxy NN O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
methylquinoline NN O
( : O
WR242511 NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTRODUCTION NN O
: : O
Many JJ O
substances NNS O
that WDT O
form VBP O
methemoglobin NN O
( , O
MHb NNP O
) -RRB- O
effectively RB O
counter VBP O
cyanide NN O
( , O
CN NNP O
) -RRB- O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
MHb NNP O
formers NNS O
are VBP O
generally RB O
applied VBN O
as IN O
treatments NNS O
for IN O
CN NN O
poisoning NN B-Disease
, , O
it PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
proposed VBN O
that IN O
a DT O
stable JJ O
, , O
long RB O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
MHb NNP O
former NN O
could MD O
serve VB O
as IN O
a DT O
CN NNP O
pretreatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
this DT O
rationale NN O
, , O
the DT O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
aminoquinoline NN O
WR242511 NNP O
, , O
a DT O
potent JJ O
long RB O
- HYPH O
lasting VBG O
MHb NNP O
former NN O
in IN O
rodents NNS O
and CC O
beagle NN O
dogs NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
rhesus NN O
monkey NN O
for IN O
advanced JJ O
development NN O
as IN O
a DT O
potential JJ O
CN NNP O
pretreatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
WR242511 NNP O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
intravenously RB O
( -LRB- O
IV NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
2 CD O
female JJ O
and CC O
4 CD O
male JJ O
rhesus NN O
monkeys NNS O
in IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
3 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
7 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
; : O
a DT O
single JJ O
male NN O
also RB O
received VBD O
WR242511 CD O
orally RB O
( , O
PO NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
7 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Health NN O
status NN O
and CC O
MHb NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
monitored VBN O
following VBG O
exposure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
selected VBN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
WR242511 NN O
, , O
which WDT O
produced VBD O
significant JJ O
methemoglobinemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
beagle NN O
dogs NNS O
in IN O
earlier JJR O
studies NNS O
conducted VBN O
elsewhere RB O
, , O
produced VBD O
very RB O
little JJ O
MHb NNP O
( , O
mean JJ O
< : O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
rhesus NN O
monkey NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
transient JJ O
hemoglobinuria NN B-Disease
was VBD O
noted VBN O
approximately RB O
60 CD O
minutes NNS O
postinjection NN O
of IN O
WR242511 CD O
( SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
or CC O
7 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
2 CD O
lethalities NNS O
occurred VBD O
( : O
one CD O
IV NN O
and CC O
one CD O
PO NN O
) -RRB- O
following VBG O
the DT O
7 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myoglobinuria NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
also RB O
observed VBN O
following VBG O
the DT O
7 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histopathology NN O
analyses NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
2 CD O
animals NNS O
that WDT O
died VBD O
revealed VBD O
liver NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
, , O
with IN O
greater JJR O
severity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
orally RB O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
animal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
These DT O
data NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
direct JJ O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
indirect JJ O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
WR242511 NN O
should MD O
not RB O
be VB O
pursued VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
pretreatment NN O
for IN O
CN NN O
poisoning NN B-Disease
unless IN O
the DT O
anti AFX O
- HYPH O
CN NNP O
characteristics NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
compound NN O
can MD O
be VB O
successfully RB O
dissociated VBN O
from IN O
those DT O
producing VBG O
undesirable JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Repetitive JJ O
transcranial JJ O
magnetic JJ O
stimulation NN O
for IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
, , O
single RB O
- HYPH O
blinded VBN O
, , O
crossover NN O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
assessed VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
"""" `` O
real JJ O
"""" '' O
repetitive JJ O
transcranial JJ O
magnetic JJ O
stimulation NN O
( , O
rTMS NNP O
) -RRB- O
versus IN O
"""" `` O
sham NN O
"""" '' O
rTMS NNP O
( , O
placebo NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
peak NN O
dose NN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
PD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
PD NN B-Disease
and CC O
prominent JJ O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
had VBD O
rTMS NNP O
( SYM O
1 CD O
, , O
800 CD O
pulses NNS O
; : O
1 CD O
Hz NN O
rate NN O
) , O
delivered VBN O
over IN O
the DT O
motor NN O
cortex NN O
for IN O
4 CD O
consecutive JJ O
days NNS O
twice RB O
, , O
once RB O
real JJ O
stimuli NN O
and CC O
once RB O
sham NN O
stimulation NN O
were VBD O
used VBN O
; : O
evaluations NNS O
were VBD O
done VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
baseline NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
day NN O
after IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
each DT O
of IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
series NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Direct JJ O
comparison NN O
between IN O
sham NN O
and CC O
real JJ O
rTMS NNP O
effects NNS O
showed VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
clinician NN O
- HYPH O
assessed VBN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
severity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
comparison NN O
with IN O
the DT O
baseline NN O
showed VBD O
small JJ O
but CC O
significant JJ O
reduction NN O
in IN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
severity NN O
following VBG O
real JJ O
rTMS NNS O
but CC O
not RB O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
major JJ O
effect NN O
was VBD O
on IN O
dystonia NN B-Disease
subscore NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similarly RB O
, , O
in IN O
patient JJ O
diaries NNS O
, , O
although IN O
both DT O
treatments NNS O
caused VBD O
reduction NN O
in IN O
subjective JJ O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
scores NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
days NNS O
of IN O
intervention NN O
, , O
the DT O
effect NN O
was VBD O
sustained VBN O
for IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
intervention NN O
for IN O
the DT O
real JJ O
rTMS NNP O
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
rTMS NNP O
, , O
no DT O
side NN O
effects NNS O
and CC O
no DT O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
motor NN O
function NN O
and CC O
PD NN B-Disease
symptoms NNS O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
the DT O
existence NN O
of IN O
residual JJ O
beneficial JJ O
clinical JJ O
aftereffects NNS O
of IN O
consecutive JJ O
daily JJ O
applications NNS O
of IN O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
frequency NN O
rTMS NNS O
on IN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
PD NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
further RB O
exploited VBN O
for IN O
potential JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
uses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracavernous JJ O
epinephrine NN O
: : O
a DT O
minimally RB O
invasive JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
priapism NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
department NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Priapism NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
the DT O
prolonged JJ O
erection NN O
of IN O
the DT O
penis NN O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
sexual JJ O
arousal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
45 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
, , O
an DT O
admitted VBN O
frequent JJ O
cocaine NN O
user NN O
, , O
presented VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
Emergency NNP O
Department NNP O
( : O
ED NNP O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
two CD O
separate JJ O
occasions NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
priapism NN B-Disease
after IN O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
management NN O
options NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
ED NNP O
, , O
as IN O
exemplified VBN O
by IN O
four CD O
individual JJ O
case NN O
reports NNS O
, , O
in IN O
particular JJ O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
a DT O
minimally RB O
invasive JJ O
method NN O
of IN O
intracorporal JJ O
epinephrine NN O
instillation NN O
, , O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prophylactic JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
lamivudine NN O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
immunosuppressive JJ O
therapy NN O
for IN O
rheumatologic JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
objective NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
report VB O
our PRP$ O
experience NN O
concerning VBG O
the DT O
effectiveness NN O
of IN O
the DT O
prophylactic JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
lamivudine NN O
in IN O
hepatitis NNP O
B NNP O
virus NN O
surface NN O
antigen NN O
( -LRB- O
HBs NNP O
Ag NNP O
) -RRB- O
positive JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
rheumatologic JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
June NNP O
2004 CD O
to IN O
October NNP O
2006 CD O
, , O
11 CD O
HBs NNP O
Ag NNP O
positive JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
rheumatologic JJ B-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
, , O
who WP O
were VBD O
on IN O
both CC O
immunosuppressive JJ O
and CC O
prophylactic JJ O
lamivudine NN O
therapies NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
retrospectively RB O
assessed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN O
function NN O
tests NNS O
, , O
hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
virus NN O
( , O
HBV NNP O
) -RRB- O
serologic JJ O
markers NNS O
, , O
and CC O
HBV NNP O
DNA NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
during IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
were VBD O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
hospital NN O
file NN O
records NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eleven CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
six CD O
male NN O
) , O
with IN O
median JJ O
age NN O
47 CD O
years NNS O
( , O
range NN O
27 CD O
- SYM O
73 CD O
) NN O
, , O
median JJ O
disease NN O
duration NN O
50 CD O
months NNS O
( , O
range NN O
9 CD O
- SYM O
178 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
median NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
period NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
13 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
months NNS O
( -LRB- O
range NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
27 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
enrolled VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lamivudine NNP O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
started VBN O
3 CD O
- SYM O
7 CD O
days NNS O
prior RB O
to IN O
immunosuppressive JJ O
therapy NN O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Baseline NN O
, , O
liver NN O
function NN O
tests NNS O
were VBD O
elevated VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
fourth JJ O
patient NN O
: : O
ALT NNP O
: : O
122 CD O
IU NN O
/ SYM O
l CD O
, , O
AST NNP O
: : O
111 CD O
IU NN O
/ SYM O
l NN O
, , O
tenth JJ O
patient NN O
: : O
ALT NNP O
: : O
294 CD O
IU NN O
/ SYM O
l CD O
, , O
AST NNP O
: : O
274 CD O
IU NN O
/ SYM O
l CD O
, , O
with IN O
minimal JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
biopsy NN O
in IN O
both DT O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Shortly RB O
after IN O
treatment NN O
their PRP$ O
tests NNS O
normalized VBD O
and CC O
during IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
period NN O
none NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
abnormal JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
four CD O
patients NNS O
HBV NNP O
DNA NNP O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
normal JJ O
at IN O
baseline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
of IN O
these DT O
normalized VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
others NNS O
increased VBD O
later RBR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
three CD O
additional JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
HBV NNP O
DNA NNP O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
increased VBN O
during IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
significant JJ O
clinical JJ O
sings NNS O
of IN O
HBV NNP O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lamivudine NNP O
was VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
and CC O
was VBD O
continued VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prophylactic JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
lamivudine NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
required VBD O
immunosuppressive JJ O
therapy NN O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
safe JJ O
, , O
well RB O
tolerated JJ O
and CC O
effective JJ O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
HBV NNP O
reactivation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
green JJ O
tea NN O
and CC O
vitamin NN O
E NN O
combination NN O
in IN O
isoproterenol NN O
induced VBD O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
aimed VBN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
combined VBN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
green JJ O
tea NN O
and CC O
vitamin NN O
E NN O
on IN O
heart NN O
weight NN O
, , O
body NN O
weight NN O
, , O
serum NN O
marker NN O
enzymes NNS O
, , O
lipid JJ O
peroxidation NN O
, , O
endogenous JJ O
antioxidants NNS O
and CC O
membrane NN O
bound VBN O
ATPases NNS O
in IN O
isoproterenol NN O
( , O
ISO NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adult NN O
male JJ O
albino NN O
rats NNS O
, , O
treated VBN O
with IN O
ISO NNP O
( , O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
2 CD O
days NNS O
at IN O
an DT O
interval NN O
of IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
caused VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
elevation NN O
of IN O
heart NN O
weight NN O
, , O
serum NN O
marker NN O
enzymes NNS O
, , O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
and CC O
Ca NN O
+ NN O
2 CD O
ATPase NN O
level NN O
whereas IN O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) NFP O
decrease NN O
in IN O
body NN O
weight NN O
, , O
endogenous JJ O
antioxidants NNS O
, , O
Na NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
K NN O
+ CC O
ATPase NN O
and CC O
Mg NN O
+ CC O
2 CD O
ATPase NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
green JJ O
tea NN O
( : O
100 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
, , O
p NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
vitamin NN O
E NN O
( SYM O
100 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
, , O
p NN O
. . O
o LS O
. . O
) -RRB- O
together RB O
for IN O
30 CD O
consecutive JJ O
days NNS O
and CC O
challenged VBN O
with IN O
ISO NNP O
on IN O
the DT O
day NN O
29th NN O
and CC O
30th NN O
, , O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
decrease NN O
in IN O
heart NN O
weight NN O
, , O
serum NN O
marker NN O
enzymes NNS O
, , O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
, , O
Ca NN O
+ CC O
2 CD O
ATPase NN O
and CC O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
body NN O
weight NN O
, , O
endogenous JJ O
antioxidants NNS O
, , O
Na NNP O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
K NN O
+ CC O
ATPase NN O
and CC O
Mg NN O
+ CC O
2 CD O
ATPase NN O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
with IN O
ISO NNP O
treated VBN O
group NN O
and CC O
green JJ O
tea NN O
or CC O
vitamin NN O
E NN O
alone RB O
treated VBN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
indicate VBP O
the DT O
synergistic JJ O
protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
green JJ O
tea NN O
and CC O
vitamin NN O
E NN O
during IN O
ISO NNP O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Irreversible JJ O
damage NN O
to IN O
the DT O
medullary JJ O
interstitium NN O
in IN O
experimental JJ O
analgesic JJ O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
F344 CD O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ B-Disease
papillary NN I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
( , O
RPN NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
decreased VBN O
urinary JJ O
concentrating VBG O
ability NN O
developed VBN O
during IN O
continuous JJ O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
aspirin NN O
and CC O
paracetamol NN O
in IN O
female JJ O
Fischer NNP O
344 CD O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
structure NN O
and CC O
concentrating VBG O
ability NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
after IN O
a DT O
recovery NN O
period NN O
of IN O
up IN O
to TO O
18 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
when WRB O
no DT O
analgesics NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
, , O
to TO O
investigate VB O
whether IN O
the DT O
analgesic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
reversible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
evidence NN O
of IN O
repair NN O
to IN O
the DT O
damaged VBN O
medullary NN O
interstitial JJ O
matrix NN O
, , O
or CC O
proliferation NN O
of IN O
remaining VBG O
undamaged JJ O
type NN O
1 CD O
medullary JJ O
interstitial JJ O
cells NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
recovery NN O
period NN O
following VBG O
analgesic JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
recovery NN O
of IN O
urinary JJ O
concentrating NN O
ability NN O
was VBD O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
length NN O
of IN O
analgesic JJ O
treatment NN O
and CC O
the DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
the DT O
resulting VBG O
inner JJ O
medullary JJ O
structural JJ O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
stages NNS O
of IN O
analgesic JJ O
treatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
urinary JJ O
concentrating NN O
ability NN O
were VBD O
reversible JJ O
, , O
but CC O
after IN O
prolonged JJ O
analgesic JJ O
treatment NN O
, , O
maximum JJ O
urinary JJ O
concentrating NN O
ability NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
recover VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
shows VBZ O
that IN O
prolonged VBN O
analgesic JJ O
treatment NN O
in IN O
Fischer NNP O
344 CD O
rats NNS O
causes VBZ O
progressive JJ O
and CC O
irreversible JJ O
damage NN O
to IN O
the DT O
interstitial JJ O
matrix NN O
and CC O
type NN O
1 CD O
interstitial JJ O
cells NNS O
leading VBG O
to IN O
RPN NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
associated JJ O
urinary JJ O
concentrating VBG O
defect NN O
is VBZ O
reversible JJ O
only RB O
during IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
stages NNS O
of IN O
structural JJ O
damage NN O
to IN O
the DT O
inner JJ O
medulla NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Testosterone NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
and CC O
upregulation NN O
of IN O
intrarenal JJ O
angiotensinogen NN O
in IN O
Dahl NNP O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
sensitive JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blood NN O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
BP NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
more JJR O
salt NN O
sensitive JJ O
in IN O
men NNS O
than IN O
in IN O
premenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Dahl NNP O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
sensitive JJ O
rats NNS O
( , O
DS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
salt NN O
( -LRB- O
HS NN O
) -RRB- O
diet NN O
increases VBZ O
BP NNP O
more JJR O
in IN O
males NNS O
than IN O
females NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
the DT O
systemic JJ O
renin NN O
- HYPH O
angiotensin NN O
system NN O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
suppressed VBN O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
HS NN O
in IN O
male JJ O
DS NN O
, , O
intrarenal JJ O
angiotensinogen NN O
expression NN O
is VBZ O
increased VBN O
, , O
and CC O
intrarenal JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
ANG NNP O
II NNP O
are VBP O
not RB O
suppressed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
was VBD O
tested VBN O
that IN O
there EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
sexual JJ O
dimorphism NN O
in IN O
HS NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
upregulation NN O
of IN O
intrarenal JJ O
angiotensinogen NN O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
testosterone NN O
that WDT O
also RB O
causes VBZ O
increases NNS O
in IN O
BP NN O
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
salt NN O
( -LRB- O
LS NNP O
) -RRB- O
diet NN O
, , O
male JJ O
DS NN O
had VBD O
higher JJR O
levels NNS O
of IN O
intrarenal JJ O
angiotensinogen NN O
mRNA NN O
than IN O
females NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
HS NNP O
diet NN O
for IN O
4 CD O
wk NN O
increased VBD O
renal JJ O
cortical JJ O
angiotensinogen NN O
mRNA NN O
and CC O
protein NN O
only RB O
in IN O
male JJ O
DS NN O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
castration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ovariectomy NN O
of IN O
female JJ O
DS NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
intrarenal JJ O
angiotensinogen NN O
expression NN O
on IN O
either DT O
diet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Radiotelemetric JJ O
BP NNP O
was VBD O
similar JJ O
between IN O
males NNS O
and CC O
castrated JJ O
rats NNS O
on IN O
LS NNP O
diet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
HS NNP O
diet NN O
for IN O
4 CD O
wk NN O
caused VBD O
a DT O
progressive JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
BP NN O
, , O
protein NN O
and CC O
albumin NN O
excretion NN O
, , O
and CC O
glomerular JJ B-Disease
sclerosis NN I-Disease
in IN O
male JJ O
DS NN O
rats NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
were VBD O
attenuated VBN O
by IN O
castration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Testosterone NN O
replacement NN O
in IN O
castrated JJ O
DS NN O
rats NNS O
increased VBD O
BP NNP O
, , O
renal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
upregulation NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
angiotensinogen NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
HS NNP O
diet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Testosterone NN O
contributes VBZ O
to IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
male JJ O
DS NN O
rats NNS O
on IN O
HS NNP O
diet NN O
possibly RB O
through IN O
upregulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
intrarenal JJ O
renin NN O
- HYPH O
angiotensin JJ O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Explicit JJ O
episodic JJ O
memory NN O
for IN O
sensory NN O
- HYPH O
discriminative JJ O
components NNS O
of IN O
capsaicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
: : O
immediate JJ O
and CC O
delayed JJ O
ratings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
memory NN O
is VBZ O
thought VBN O
to TO O
affect VB O
future JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
sensitivity NN O
and CC O
thus RB O
contribute VB O
to IN O
clinical JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
conditions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systematic JJ O
investigations NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
human JJ O
capacity NN O
to TO O
remember VB O
sensory JJ O
features NNS O
of IN O
experimental JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
are VBP O
sparse JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
order NN O
to TO O
address VB O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
pain NN B-Disease
memory NN O
, , O
nine CD O
healthy JJ O
male JJ O
volunteers NNS O
received VBD O
intradermal JJ O
injections NNS O
of IN O
three CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
capsaicin NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
and CC O
20 CD O
microg NN O
, , O
separated VBN O
by IN O
15 CD O
min NN O
breaks NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
each DT O
given VBN O
three CD O
times NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
balanced JJ O
design NN O
across IN O
three CD O
sessions NNS O
at IN O
one CD O
week NN O
intervals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
rating NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
computerized JJ O
visual JJ O
analogue NN O
scale NN O
( : O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
100 CD O
) -RRB- O
digitized VBN O
at IN O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
s NNS O
, , O
either CC O
immediately RB O
online RB O
or CC O
one CD O
hour NN O
or CC O
one CD O
day NN O
after IN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjects NNS O
also RB O
recalled VBD O
their PRP$ O
pains NNS B-Disease
one CD O
week NN O
later RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Capsaicin NN O
injection NN O
reliably RB O
induced VBD O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
flare NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
without IN O
any DT O
difference NN O
within IN O
or CC O
across IN O
sessions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
strong JJ O
burning VBG O
pain NN B-Disease
decayed VBD O
exponentially RB O
within IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
minutes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjects NNS O
were VBD O
able JJ O
to TO O
reliably RB O
discriminate VB O
pain NN B-Disease
magnitude NN O
and CC O
duration NN O
across IN O
capsaicin NN O
doses NNS O
( : O
both DT O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
regardless RB O
of IN O
whether IN O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
time NN O
ratings NNS O
were VBD O
requested VBN O
immediately RB O
, , O
after IN O
one CD O
hour NN O
or CC O
after IN O
one CD O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
recall NN O
after IN O
one CD O
week NN O
was VBD O
similarly RB O
precise JJ O
( : O
magnitude NN O
: : O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
, , O
duration NN O
: : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Correlation NN O
with IN O
rating NN O
recall NN O
after IN O
one CD O
week NN O
was VBD O
best JJS O
when WRB O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
time NN O
ratings NNS O
were VBD O
requested VBN O
as RB O
late RB O
as IN O
one CD O
day NN O
after IN O
injection NN O
( , O
R NN O
( : O
2 CD O
) SYM O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
79 CD O
) -RRB- O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
both DT O
rating NN O
retrievals NNS O
utilized VBD O
similar JJ O
memory NN O
traces NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
a DT O
reliable JJ O
memory NN O
for IN O
magnitude NN O
and CC O
duration NN O
of IN O
experimentally RB O
induced VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
further RB O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
consolidation NN O
of IN O
this DT O
memory NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
interim JJ O
stage NN O
, , O
and CC O
may MD O
take VB O
up IN O
to TO O
one CD O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
and CC O
long JJ O
lasting VBG O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
after IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
co NN O
- HYPH O
trimoxazole NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
Pneumocystis NNP B-Disease
pneumonia NN I-Disease
in IN O
HIV NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
patients NNS O
- : O
- : O
a DT O
report NN O
of IN O
two CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pneumocystis NN B-Disease
pneumonia NN I-Disease
( , O
PCP NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
common JJ O
opportunistic JJ B-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
in IN O
HIV NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
individuals NNS O
, , O
is VBZ O
generally RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
co NN O
- HYPH O
trimoxazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
often RB O
limited VBN O
by IN O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
, , O
we PRP O
report VBP O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
severely RB O
immunocompromised VBN O
HIV NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
severe JJ O
intrahepatic JJ B-Disease
cholestasis NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
one CD O
patient NN O
lesions NNS O
mimicking VBG O
liver NN B-Disease
abscess NN I-Disease
formation NN O
on IN O
radiologic JJ O
exams NNS O
, , O
during IN O
co JJ O
- HYPH O
trimoxazole NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
PCP NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whereas IN O
patient NN O
1 CD O
showed VBD O
lesions NNS O
of IN O
up IN O
to TO O
1 CD O
cm NNS O
readily RB O
detectable JJ O
on IN O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
under IN O
prolonged JJ O
co NN O
- HYPH O
trimoxazole NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
therapy NN O
of IN O
patient NN O
2 CD O
was VBD O
switched VBN O
early RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bradykinin NNP O
receptors NNS O
antagonists NNS O
and CC O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
synthase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
in IN O
vincristine NN O
and CC O
streptozotocin NN O
induced VBD O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
in IN O
chemotherapy NN O
and CC O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
rat NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
The DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
an DT O
irreversible JJ O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
constitutive JJ O
NO NNP O
synthase NN O
( , O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
NOArg NNP O
; : O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
relatively RB O
selective JJ O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
inducible JJ O
NO NNP O
synthase NN O
( , O
L NN O
- HYPH O
NIL NNP O
; : O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
relatively RB O
specific JJ O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
neuronal JJ O
NO NNP O
synthase NN O
( , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
NI NN O
; : O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
on IN O
antihyperalgesic JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
selective JJ O
antagonists NNS O
of IN O
B2 NN O
and CC O
B1 NN O
receptors NNS O
: : O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
Arg NNP O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
Hyp3 NNP O
, , O
Thi5 NNP O
, , O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
Tic7 NNP O
, , O
Oic8 NNP O
] -RRB- O
bradykinin NN O
( -LRB- O
HOE NNP O
140 CD O
; : O
70 CD O
nmol NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
des FW O
Arg10 NNP O
HOE NNP O
140 CD O
( SYM O
70 CD O
nmol NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
respectively RB O
, , O
in IN O
model NN O
of IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
( , I-Disease
streptozotocin NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
induced VBN I-Disease
) , I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
toxic JJ I-Disease
( , I-Disease
vincristine NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
induced VBN I-Disease
) , I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
pain NN B-Disease
thresholds NNS O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
using VBG O
mechanical JJ O
stimuli NNS O
- : O
- : O
the DT O
modification NN O
of IN O
the DT O
classic JJ O
paw NN O
withdrawal NN O
test NN O
described VBN O
by IN O
Randall NNP O
- HYPH O
Selitto NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
paper NN O
confirm VBP O
that IN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
bradykinin NN O
receptors NNS O
and CC O
inducible JJ O
NO NNP O
synthase NN O
but CC O
not RB O
neuronal JJ O
NO NN O
synthase NN O
activity NN O
reduces VBZ O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
hyperalgesia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
with IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
NOArg NNP O
and CC O
L NN O
- HYPH O
NIL NNP O
but CC O
not RB O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
NI NN O
, , O
significantly RB O
increases VBZ O
antihyperalgesic JJ O
activity NN O
both DT O
HOE NNP O
140 CD O
and CC O
des FW O
Arg10 NNP O
HOE NNP O
140 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
also RB O
shown VBN O
that IN O
both DT O
products NNS O
of IN O
inducible JJ O
NO NNP O
synthase NN O
and CC O
neuronal JJ O
NO NN O
synthase NN O
activation NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
bradykinin NN O
are VBP O
involved VBN O
in IN O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
vincristine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
L NN O
- HYPH O
NOArg NNP O
and CC O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
NI NN O
but CC O
not RB O
L NN O
- HYPH O
NIL NNP O
intensify VBP O
antihyperalgesic JJ O
activity NN O
of IN O
HOE NNP O
140 CD O
or CC O
des FW O
- HYPH O
Arg10HOE NN O
140 CD O
in IN O
toxic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Results NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
studies NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
B1 NN O
and CC O
B2 NN O
receptors NNS O
are VBP O
engaged VBN O
in IN O
transmission NN O
of IN O
nociceptive JJ O
stimuli NNS O
in IN O
both CC O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
toxic JJ I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
streptozotocin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
, , O
inducible JJ O
NO NNP O
synthase NN O
participates VBZ O
in IN O
pronociceptive JJ O
activity NN O
of IN O
bradykinin NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
in IN O
vincristine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
bradykinin NN O
seemed VBD O
to TO O
activate VB O
neuronal JJ O
NO NNP O
synthase NN O
pathway NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
concomitant JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
small JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
bradykinin NN O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
and CC O
NO NNP O
synthase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
can MD O
be VB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
alleviation NN O
of IN O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
even RB O
in IN O
hospital NN O
care NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Confusion NN B-Disease
, , O
a DT O
rather RB O
serious JJ O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reaction NN O
with IN O
valproic JJ O
acid NN O
: : O
a DT O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
French NNP O
Pharmacovigilance NNP O
database NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTRODUCTION NN O
: : O
Confusion NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
an DT O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reaction NN O
frequently RB O
observed VBN O
with IN O
valproic JJ O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Some DT O
case NN O
reports NNS O
are VBP O
published VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
but CC O
no DT O
systematic JJ O
study NN O
from IN O
a DT O
sample NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
published VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
performed VBD O
this DT O
study NN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
describe VB O
the DT O
main JJ O
characteristics NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Using VBG O
the DT O
French NNP O
Pharmacovigilance NNP O
database NN O
, , O
we PRP O
selected VBD O
the DT O
cases NNS O
of IN O
confusion NN B-Disease
reported VBN O
since IN O
1985 CD O
with IN O
valproic JJ O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
272 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
confusion NN B-Disease
were VBD O
reported VBN O
with IN O
valproic JJ O
acid NN O
: : O
153 CD O
women NNS O
and CC O
119 CD O
men NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Confusion NN B-Disease
mostly RB O
occurred VBD O
during IN O
the DT O
two CD O
first JJ O
weeks NNS O
following VBG O
valproic JJ O
acid NN O
exposure NN O
( : O
39 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
"""" `` O
serious JJ O
"""" '' O
for IN O
almost RB O
2 CD O
/ SYM O
3 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
( , O
62 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
outcome NN O
favourable JJ O
in IN O
most JJS O
of IN O
the DT O
cases NNS O
( : O
82 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
this DT O
ADR NNP O
was VBD O
more RBR O
frequent JJ O
in IN O
patients NNS O
aged VBN O
between IN O
61 CD O
and CC O
80 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
work NN O
shows VBZ O
that IN O
confusion NN B-Disease
with IN O
valproic JJ O
acid NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
serious JJ O
, , O
rather RB O
frequent JJ O
but CC O
reversible JJ O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
occurs VBZ O
especially RB O
in IN O
older JJR O
patients NNS O
and CC O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
two CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reversible JJ O
inferior JJ B-Disease
colliculus NN I-Disease
lesion NN I-Disease
in IN O
metronidazole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
: : O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
findings NNS O
on IN O
diffusion NN O
- HYPH O
weighted VBN O
and CC O
fluid NN O
attenuated VBD O
inversion NN O
recovery NN O
imaging NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
This DT O
is VBZ O
to TO O
present VB O
reversible JJ O
inferior JJ B-Disease
colliculus NN I-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
in IN O
metronidazole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
to TO O
focus VB O
on IN O
the DT O
diffusion NN O
- HYPH O
weighted VBN O
imaging NN O
( , O
DWI NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
fluid NN O
attenuated VBN O
inversion NN O
recovery NN O
( , O
FLAIR NN O
) -RRB- O
imaging NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIALS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
From IN O
November NNP O
2005 CD O
to IN O
September NNP O
2007 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
5 CD O
men NNS O
and CC O
3 CD O
women NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
as IN O
having VBG O
metronidazole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
( HYPH O
age NN O
range NN O
; : O
43 CD O
- SYM O
78 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
taking VBG O
metronidazole NN O
( , O
total JJ O
dosage NN O
, , O
45 CD O
- SYM O
120 CD O
g NN O
; : O
duration NN O
, , O
30 CD O
days NNS O
to IN O
2 CD O
months NNS O
) , O
to TO O
treat VB O
the DT O
infection NN B-Disease
in IN O
various JJ O
organs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Initial JJ O
brain NN O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
( , O
MRI NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
obtained VBN O
after IN O
the DT O
hospitalization NN O
, , O
including VBG O
DWI NNP O
( , O
8 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
apparent JJ O
diffusion NN O
coefficient NN O
( -LRB- O
ADC NNP O
) -RRB- O
map NN O
( , O
4 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
FLAIR NN O
( , O
7 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
T2 NN O
- HYPH O
weighted VBN O
image NN O
( , O
8 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Follow VB O
- HYPH O
up NN O
MRIs NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
on IN O
5 CD O
patients NNS O
from IN O
third RB O
to IN O
14th JJ O
days NNS O
after IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
metronidazole NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Findings NNS O
of IN O
initial JJ O
and CC O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
MRIs NNS O
were VBD O
retrospectively RB O
evaluated VBN O
by IN O
2 CD O
neuroradiologists NNS O
by IN O
consensus NN O
, , O
to TO O
analyze VB O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
abnormal JJ O
signal NN O
intensities NNS O
, , O
their PRP$ O
locations NNS O
, , O
and CC O
signal NN O
changes NNS O
on IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
images NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Initial JJ O
MRIs NNP O
showed VBD O
abnormal JJ O
high JJ O
signal NN O
intensities NNS O
on IN O
DWI NNP O
and CC O
FLAIR NNP O
( , O
or CC O
T2 NN O
- HYPH O
weighted VBN O
image NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
the DT O
dentate NN O
nucleus NN O
( , O
8 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
inferior JJ O
colliculus NN O
( , O
6 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
corpus NN O
callosum NN O
( , O
2 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
pons NNS O
( , O
2 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) NNS O
, , O
medulla NN O
( , O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
bilateral JJ O
cerebral JJ O
white JJ O
matter NN O
( , O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
- HYPH O
signal NN O
intensity NN O
lesions NNS O
on IN O
DWI NNP O
tended VBD O
to TO O
show VB O
low JJ O
signal NN O
intensity NN O
on IN O
ADC NNP O
map NN O
( , O
3 CD O
/ SYM O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
in IN O
one CD O
patient NN O
, , O
high JJ O
signal NN O
intensity NN O
was VBD O
shown VBN O
at IN O
bilateral JJ O
dentate NN O
nuclei NNS O
on IN O
not RB O
only RB O
DWI NNP O
but CC O
also RB O
ADC NNP O
map NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All PDT O
the DT O
lesions NNS O
in IN O
dentate NN O
, , O
inferior JJ O
colliculus NN O
, , O
pons NNS O
, , O
and CC O
medullas NNS O
had VBD O
been VBN O
resolved VBN O
completely RB O
on IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
MRIs NNS O
in IN O
5 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
but CC O
in IN O
1 CD O
patient NN O
of IN O
them PRP O
, , O
corpus NN O
callosal NN B-Disease
lesion NN I-Disease
persisted VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Reversible JJ O
inferior JJ B-Disease
colliculus NN I-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
could MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
as IN O
the DT O
characteristic NN O
for IN O
metronidazole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
next JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
dentate JJ O
nucleus NN O
involvement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinically RB O
significant JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
to IN O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Sirolimus NNP O
is VBZ O
the DT O
latest JJS O
immunosuppressive JJ O
agent NN O
used VBN O
to TO O
prevent VB O
rejection NN O
, , O
and CC O
may MD O
have VB O
less JJR O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
than IN O
calcineurin NN O
inhibitor NN O
( , O
CNI NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
regimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
date NN O
there EX O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
little JJ O
documentation NN O
of IN O
clinically RB O
significant JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
linked VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
encountered VBN O
several JJ O
patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
substantial JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
sirolimus NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
each DT O
patient NN O
, , O
the DT O
close JJ O
temporal JJ O
association NN O
between IN O
the DT O
commencement NN O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
implicated VBN O
sirolimus NN O
as IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
likely JJ O
etiology NN O
of IN O
the DT O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
analyzed VBD O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
laboratory NN O
information NN O
available JJ O
for IN O
all DT O
119 CD O
patients NNS O
transplanted VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
Washington NNP O
Hospital NNP O
Center NNP O
between IN O
1999 CD O
- SYM O
2003 CD O
for IN O
whom WP O
sirolimus NN O
was VBD O
a DT O
component NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
immunosuppressant JJ O
regimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
the DT O
magnitude NN O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
on IN O
morning NN O
urine NN O
samples NNS O
by IN O
turbidometric JJ O
measurement NN O
or CC O
random JJ O
urine NN O
protein NN O
: : O
creatinine NN O
ratios NNS O
, , O
an DT O
estimate NN O
of IN O
grams NNS O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Laboratory NN O
results NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
between IN O
prior JJ O
, , O
during IN O
and CC O
following VBG O
sirolimus NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
eight CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
24 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
increased VBN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
from IN O
baseline NN O
during IN O
their PRP$ O
post NN O
- HYPH O
transplantation NN O
course NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
21 CD O
patients NNS O
an DT O
alternative JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
was VBD O
either CC O
obvious JJ O
or CC O
insufficient JJ O
data NNS O
was VBD O
available JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
conclusive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
7 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
28 CD O
patients NNS O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
striking VBG O
temporal JJ O
association NN O
between IN O
the DT O
initiation NN O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
and CC O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH O
range NN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinuria NNP B-Disease
correlated VBD O
most RBS O
strongly RB O
with IN O
sirolimus NN O
therapy NN O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
to IN O
other JJ O
demographic JJ O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
variables NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
most JJS O
patients NNS O
, , O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
resolution NN O
, , O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Sirolimus NNP O
induces VBZ O
or CC O
aggravates VBZ O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
existing VBG O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
in IN O
an DT O
unpredictable JJ O
subset NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
allograft NN O
recipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinuria NNP B-Disease
may MD O
improve VB O
, , O
but CC O
does VBZ O
not RB O
resolve VB O
, , O
when WRB O
sirolimus NN O
is VBZ O
withdrawn VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Components NNS O
of IN O
lemon NN O
essential JJ O
oil NN O
attenuate VBP O
dementia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
anti AFX O
- HYPH O
dementia NN B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
s NN O
- HYPH O
limonene NN O
and CC O
s NN O
- HYPH O
perillyl NN O
alcohol NN O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
using VBG O
the DT O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
test NN O
( -LRB- O
PA NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
open JJ O
field NN O
habituation NN O
test NN O
( -LRB- O
OFH NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
lemon JJ O
essential JJ O
oils NNS O
showed VBD O
strong JJ O
ability NN O
to TO O
improve VB O
memory NN B-Disease
impaired VBN I-Disease
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
s VBZ O
- HYPH O
perillyl JJ O
alcohol NN O
relieved VBD O
the DT O
deficit NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
associative JJ I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
in IN O
PA NNP O
only RB O
, , O
and CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
improve VB O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
associative JJ O
memory NN O
significantly RB O
in IN O
OFH NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Analysis NN O
of IN O
neurotransmitter NN O
concentration NN O
in IN O
some DT O
brain NN O
regions NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
test NN O
day NN O
showed VBD O
that IN O
dopamine NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
vehicle NN O
/ SYM O
scopolamine NN O
group NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
vehicle NN O
/ SYM O
vehicle NN O
group NN O
, , O
but CC O
this DT O
phenomenon NN O
was VBD O
reversed VBN O
when WRB O
s NN O
- HYPH O
limonene NN O
or CC O
s NN O
- HYPH O
perillyl NN O
alcohol NN O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
before IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
of IN O
scopolamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Simultaneously RB O
, , O
we PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
these DT O
two CD O
lemon NN O
essential JJ O
oil NN O
components NNS O
could MD O
inhibit VB O
acetylcholinesterase NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
vitro FW O
using VBG O
the DT O
Ellman NNP O
method NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Attentional JJ O
modulation NN O
of IN O
perceived VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
in IN O
capsaicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
secondary JJ O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Perceived VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
is VBZ O
modulated VBN O
by IN O
attention NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
known VBN O
that IN O
how WRB O
pain NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
ratings NNS O
are VBP O
affected VBN O
by IN O
attention NN O
in IN O
capsaicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
secondary JJ O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
we PRP O
show VBP O
that IN O
perceived VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
in IN O
secondary JJ O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
decreased VBN O
when WRB O
attention NN O
is VBZ O
distracted VBN O
away RB O
from IN O
the DT O
painful JJ O
pinprick NN O
stimulus NN O
with IN O
a DT O
visual JJ O
task NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
it PRP O
was VBD O
found VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
magnitude NN O
of IN O
attentional JJ O
modulation NN O
in IN O
secondary JJ O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
very RB O
similar JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
of IN O
capsaicin NN O
- HYPH O
untreated JJ O
, , O
control NN O
condition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
findings NNS O
, , O
showing VBG O
no DT O
interaction NN O
between IN O
capsaicin NN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
attentional JJ O
modulation NN O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
capsaicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
secondary JJ O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
and CC O
attention NN O
might MD O
affect VB O
mechanical JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
through IN O
independent JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardioprotective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
salvianolic NN O
acid NN O
A NN O
on IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
cardioprotective JJ O
potential NN O
of IN O
salvianolic NN O
acid NN O
A NN O
on IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemodynamic JJ O
parameters NNS O
and CC O
lead NN O
II NN O
electrocardiograph NN O
were VBD O
monitored VBN O
and CC O
recorded VBN O
continuously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ O
marker NN O
enzymes NNS O
and CC O
antioxidative JJ O
parameters NNS O
in IN O
serum NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
tissues NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Assay NN O
for IN O
mitochondrial JJ O
respiratory JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
histopathological JJ O
examination NN O
of IN O
heart NN O
tissues NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
showed VBD O
significant JJ O
increases NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
levels NNS O
of IN O
lactate NN O
dehydrogenase NN O
, , O
aspartate NN O
transaminase NN O
, , O
creatine JJ O
kinase NN O
and CC O
malondialdehyde NN O
and CC O
significant JJ O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
activities NNS O
of IN O
superoxide NN O
dismutase NN O
, , O
catalase NN O
and CC O
glutathione NN O
peroxidase NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
rats NNS O
also RB O
showed VBD O
declines NNS O
in IN O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
systolic JJ O
pressure NN O
, , O
maximum NN O
and CC O
minimum JJ O
rate NN O
of IN O
developed JJ O
left VBN O
ventricular JJ O
pressure NN O
, , O
and CC O
elevation NN O
of IN O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
end NN O
- HYPH O
diastolic JJ O
pressure NN O
and CC O
ST NN O
- HYPH O
segment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
mitochondrial JJ O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
characterized VBN O
by IN O
decreased VBN O
respiratory JJ O
control NN O
ratio NN O
and CC O
ADP NNP O
/ SYM O
O NNP O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
salvianolic JJ O
acid NN O
A NN O
for IN O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
8 CD O
days NNS O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
and CC O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
and CC O
improved VBN O
mitochondrial JJ O
respiratory JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
protective JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
salvianolic JJ O
acid NN O
A NN O
against IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
was VBD O
further RB O
confirmed VBN O
by IN O
histopathological JJ O
examination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
study NN O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
salvianolic NN O
acid NN O
A NN O
possessing VBG O
antioxidant NN O
activity NN O
has VBZ O
a DT O
significant JJ O
protective JJ O
effect NN O
against IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
glutamate NN O
supplementation NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
protect VB O
against IN O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neurotoxicity NN I-Disease
of IN O
paclitaxel NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Toxic JJ O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
still RB O
a DT O
significant JJ O
limiting VBG O
factor NN O
for IN O
chemotherapy NN O
with IN O
paclitaxel NN O
( : O
PAC NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
although IN O
glutamate NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
closely RB O
related VBN O
amino NN O
acid NN O
glutamine NN O
were VBD O
claimed VBN O
to TO O
ameliorate VB O
PAC NNP O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
pilot NN O
trial NN O
aimed VBD O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
glutamate NN O
supplementation NN O
for IN O
preventing VBG O
PAC NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
, , O
double RB O
- HYPH O
blinded VBN O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
electro JJ O
- HYPH O
diagnostic JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
ovarian JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
were VBD O
available JJ O
for IN O
analysis NN O
following VBG O
six CD O
cycles NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
PAC NNP O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
regimen NN O
: : O
23 CD O
had VBD O
been VBN O
supplemented VBN O
by IN O
glutamate NN O
all RB O
along IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
period NN O
, , O
at IN O
a DT O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
three CD O
times NNS O
500 CD O
mg NN O
( HYPH O
group NN O
G NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
20 CD O
had VBD O
received VBN O
a DT O
placebo NN O
( HYPH O
group NN O
P NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
by IN O
neurological JJ O
examinations NNS O
, , O
questionnaires NNS O
and CC O
sensory NN O
- HYPH O
motor NN O
nerve NN O
conduction NN O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
the DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
signs NNS O
or CC O
symptoms NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
although IN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
symptoms NNS O
presented VBN O
mostly RB O
with IN O
lower JJR O
scores NNS O
of IN O
severity NN O
in IN O
group NN O
G NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
this DT O
difference NN O
reached VBD O
statistical JJ O
significance NN O
only RB O
with IN O
regard NN O
to IN O
reported VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
sensation NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
011 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Also RB O
the DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
abnormal JJ O
electro JJ O
- HYPH O
diagnostic JJ O
findings NNS O
showed VBD O
similarity NN O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
( -LRB- O
G NN O
: : O
7 CD O
/ SYM O
23 CD O
= SYM O
30 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
; : O
P NN O
: : O
6 CD O
/ SYM O
20 CD O
= SYM O
30 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
pilot NN O
study NN O
leads VBZ O
to IN O
the DT O
conclusion NN O
that IN O
glutamate NN O
supplementation NN O
at IN O
the DT O
chosen VBN O
regimen NN O
fails VBZ O
to TO O
protect VB O
against IN O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neurotoxicity NN I-Disease
of IN O
PAC NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Development NN O
of IN O
ocular JJ B-Disease
myasthenia NN I-Disease
during IN O
pegylated JJ O
interferon NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
C NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
63 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male NN O
experienced VBD O
sudden JJ O
diplopia NN B-Disease
after IN O
9 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
pegylated JJ O
interferon NN O
( , O
IFN NNP O
) -RRB- O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2b NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
for IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
C NN I-Disease
( : O
CHC NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ophthalmologic JJ O
examinations NNS O
showed VBD O
ptosis NN B-Disease
on IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
right JJ I-Disease
upper JJ I-Disease
lid NN I-Disease
and CC O
restricted VBN B-Disease
right JJ I-Disease
eye NN I-Disease
movement NN I-Disease
without IN O
any DT O
other JJ O
neurological JJ O
signs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
brain NN O
imaging NN O
study NN O
and CC O
repetitive JJ O
nerve NN O
stimulation NN O
test NN O
indicated VBD O
no DT O
abnormality NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
acetylcholine NN O
receptor NN O
antibody NN O
titer NN O
and CC O
response NN O
to IN O
acetylcholinesterase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
were VBD O
negative JJ O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
thyroid NN O
function NN O
tests NNS O
were VBD O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
ophthalmological JJ O
symptoms NNS O
improved VBD O
rapidly RB O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
pegylated JJ O
IFN NNP O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2b NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
ocular JJ B-Disease
myasthenia NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
of IN O
pegylated JJ O
IFN NNP O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2b NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
for IN O
CHC NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
very RB O
rarely RB O
reported VBN O
; , O
therefore RB O
, , O
we PRP O
present VBP O
this DT O
case NN O
with IN O
a DT O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
various JJ O
eye NN O
complications NNS O
of IN O
IFN NNP O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Learning NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
in IN O
ecstasy NN O
users NNS O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
neural JJ O
correlates NNS O
during IN O
a DT O
face NN O
- HYPH O
learning VBG O
task NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
consistently RB O
shown VBN O
that IN O
ecstasy NN O
users NNS O
display VBP O
impairments NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
learning NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
performance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
working VBG O
memory NN O
processing NN O
in IN O
ecstasy NN O
users NNS O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
neural JJ O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
hippocampal JJ O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
cortical JJ O
regions NNS O
as IN O
measured VBN O
by IN O
functional JJ O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
( : O
fMRI NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
functional JJ O
imaging NN O
and CC O
a DT O
face NN O
- HYPH O
learning VBG O
task NN O
, , O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
neural JJ O
correlates NNS O
of IN O
encoding VBG O
and CC O
recalling VBG O
face NN O
- HYPH O
name NN O
associations NNS O
in IN O
20 CD O
recreational JJ O
drug NN O
users NNS O
whose WP$ O
predominant JJ O
drug NN O
use NN O
was VBD O
ecstasy NN O
and CC O
20 CD O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
address VB O
the DT O
potential JJ O
confounding VBG O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
cannabis NN O
use NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ecstasy NN O
using VBG O
group NN O
, , O
a DT O
second JJ O
analysis NN O
included VBD O
14 CD O
previously RB O
tested VBN O
cannabis NN O
users NNS O
( : O
Nestor NNP O
, , O
L NNP O
. . O
, , O
Roberts NNP O
, , O
G NNP O
. . O
, , O
Garavan NNP O
, , O
H NNP O
. . O
, , O
Hester NNP O
, , O
R NNP O
. . O
, , O
2008 CD O
. , O
Deficits NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
learning NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
: : O
parahippocampal JJ O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
and CC O
frontocortical JJ O
hypoactivity NN O
in IN O
cannabis NN O
users NNS O
. , O
Neuroimage NNP O
40 CD O
, , O
1328 CD O
- SYM O
1339 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ecstasy NN O
users NNS O
performed VBD O
significantly RB O
worse JJR O
in IN O
learning NN O
and CC O
memory NN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
controls NNS O
and CC O
cannabis NN O
users NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
conjunction NN O
analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
encode NN O
and CC O
recall NN O
phases NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
task NN O
revealed VBD O
ecstasy NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
in IN O
bilateral JJ O
frontal JJ O
regions NNS O
, , O
left VBN O
temporal JJ O
, , O
right JJ O
parietal JJ O
, , O
bilateral JJ O
temporal JJ O
, , O
and CC O
bilateral JJ O
occipital JJ O
brain NN O
regions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ecstasy NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
hypoactivity NN O
was VBD O
evident JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
dorsal JJ O
anterior JJ O
cingulated VBN O
cortex NN O
( -LRB- O
ACC NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
left VBD O
posterior NN O
cingulated VBN O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
both CC O
ecstasy NN O
and CC O
cannabis NN O
groups NNS O
brain NN O
activation NN O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
medial JJ O
frontal JJ O
gyrus NN O
, , O
left JJ O
parahippocampal NN O
gyrus NN O
, , O
left JJ O
dorsal JJ O
cingulate NN O
gyrus NN O
, , O
and CC O
left VBD O
caudate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
elucidated VBD O
ecstasy NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
deficits NNS O
, , O
only RB O
some DT O
of IN O
which WDT O
might MD O
be VB O
attributed VBN O
to IN O
cannabis NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
ecstasy NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
effects NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
vulnerability NN O
of IN O
isocortical JJ O
and CC O
allocortical JJ O
regions NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
ecstasy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Disulfiram NNP O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
syndrome NN O
after IN O
hydrogen NN O
cyanamide NN O
professional JJ O
skin NN O
exposure NN O
: : O
two CD O
case NN O
reports NNS O
in IN O
France NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hydrogen NN O
cyanamide NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
plant NN O
growth NN O
regulator NN O
used VBN O
in IN O
agriculture NN O
to TO O
induce VB O
bud NN O
break NN O
in IN O
fruit NN O
trees NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Contact NN O
with IN O
the DT O
skin NN O
can MD O
result VB O
in IN O
percutaneous JJ O
absorption NN O
of IN O
the DT O
substance NN O
that WDT O
inhibits VBZ O
aldehyde NN O
dehydrogenase NN O
and CC O
can MD O
induce VB O
acetaldehyde NN O
syndrome NN O
in IN O
case NN O
of IN O
alcohol NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
report NN O
is VBZ O
to TO O
describe VB O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
disulfiram NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
syndrome NN O
following VBG O
occupational JJ O
exposure NN O
to IN O
hydrogen NN O
cyanamide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
involved VBD O
a DT O
59 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
who WP O
used VBD O
Dormex NNP O
, , O
which WDT O
contains VBZ O
hydrogen NN O
cyanamide NN O
, , O
without IN O
protection NN O
after IN O
consuming VBG O
a DT O
large JJ O
amount NN O
of IN O
alcohol NN O
during IN O
a DT O
meal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
less JJR O
than IN O
1 CD O
hour NN O
after IN O
the DT O
ingestion NN O
of IN O
alcohol NN O
, , O
he PRP O
developed VBD O
malaise NN O
with IN O
flushing NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
face NN I-Disease
, , O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
dyspnea NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Manifestations NNS O
regressed VBD O
spontaneously RB O
under IN O
surveillance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hospital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
second JJ O
case NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
55 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
farmer NN O
following VBG O
cutaneous JJ O
contact NN O
with IN O
Dormex NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
exposure NN O
, , O
he PRP O
developed VBD O
disulfiram NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
syndrome NN O
with IN O
flushing NN B-Disease
, , O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
arterial JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
after IN O
consuming VBG O
three CD O
glasses NNS O
of IN O
wine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
recovered VBD O
spontaneously RB O
in IN O
3 CD O
hours NNS O
under IN O
surveillance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hospital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
cases NNS O
confirm VBP O
the DT O
necessity NN O
of IN O
avoiding VBG O
alcohol NN O
consumption NN O
as IN O
recommended VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
instructions NNS O
for IN O
use NN O
of IN O
Dormex NNP O
and CC O
of IN O
preventing VBG O
cutaneous JJ O
contact NN O
during IN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sulpiride NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tardive NN B-Disease
dystonia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sulpiride NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
selective JJ O
D2 NN O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
with IN O
antipsychotic JJ O
and CC O
antidepressant JJ O
properties NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
initially RB O
thought VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
free JJ O
of IN O
extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
, , O
sulpiride NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tardive NN B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
and CC O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
occasionally RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
studied VBD O
a DT O
37 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
persistent JJ O
segmental JJ O
dystonia NN B-Disease
within IN O
2 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
starting VBG O
sulpiride NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
could MD O
not RB O
find VB O
any DT O
previous JJ O
reports NNS O
of IN O
sulpiride NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tardive NN B-Disease
dystonia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparative JJ O
cognitive JJ O
and CC O
subjective JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
immediate JJ O
- HYPH O
release NN O
oxycodone NN O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
middle NN O
- HYPH O
aged JJ O
and CC O
older JJR O
adults NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
measured VBD O
the DT O
objective JJ O
and CC O
subjective JJ O
neurocognitive JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
immediate JJ O
- HYPH O
release NN O
oxycodone NN O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
, , O
older JJR O
( , O
> SYM O
65 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
middle NN O
- HYPH O
aged JJ O
( , O
35 CD O
to TO O
55 CD O
years NNS O
) , O
adults NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
not RB O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
chronic JJ O
or CC O
significant JJ O
daily JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seventy CD O
- HYPH O
one CD O
participants NNS O
completed VBD O
2 CD O
separate JJ O
study NN O
days NNS O
and CC O
were VBD O
blind JJ O
to IN O
medication NN O
condition NN O
( , O
placebo NN O
, , O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
oxycodone NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
oxycodone NN O
concentration NN O
peaked VBD O
between IN O
60 CD O
and CC O
90 CD O
minutes NNS O
postdose NN O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
pupil NN O
size NN O
, , O
an DT O
indication NN O
of IN O
physiological JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
medication NN O
, , O
peaked VBN O
at IN O
approximately RB O
90 CD O
to TO O
120 CD O
minutes NNS O
postdose NN O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Significant JJ O
declines NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
simple JJ I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
sustained JJ I-Disease
attention NN I-Disease
, , I-Disease
working VBG I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
, , I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
verbal JJ I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
were VBD O
observed VBN O
at IN O
1 CD O
hour NN O
postdose NN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
baseline NN O
for IN O
both DT O
age NN O
groups NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
trend NN O
toward IN O
return NN O
to IN O
baseline NN O
by IN O
5 CD O
hours NNS O
postdose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
almost RB O
all DT O
cognitive JJ O
measures NNS O
, , O
there EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
medication NN O
by IN O
age NN O
- HYPH O
interaction NN O
effects NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
the DT O
2 CD O
age NN O
groups NNS O
exhibited VBD O
similar JJ O
responses NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
medication NN O
challenge NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
for IN O
healthy JJ O
older JJR O
adults NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
not RB O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
neurocognitive JJ O
and CC O
pharmacodynamic JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
a DT O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
immediate JJ O
- HYPH O
release NN O
oxycodone NN O
are VBP O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
observed VBN O
for IN O
middle NN O
- HYPH O
aged JJ O
adults NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PERSPECTIVE NN O
: : O
Study NN O
findings NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
metabolism NN O
, , O
neurocognitive JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
and CC O
physical JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
oral JJ O
oxycodone NN O
are VBP O
similar JJ O
for IN O
healthy JJ O
middle NN O
- HYPH O
aged JJ O
and CC O
older JJR O
adults NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
clinicians NNS O
should MD O
not RB O
avoid VB O
prescribing VBG O
oral JJ O
opioids NNS O
to IN O
older JJR O
adults NNS O
based VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
belief NN O
that IN O
older JJR O
adults NNS O
are VBP O
at IN O
higher JJR O
risk NN O
for IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
than IN O
younger JJR O
adults NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
glycine NN O
transporter NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
inhibitor NN O
SSR103800 NN O
displays VBZ O
a DT O
selective JJ O
and CC O
specific JJ O
antipsychotic JJ O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
profile NN O
in IN O
normal JJ O
and CC O
transgenic JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Schizophrenia NN B-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
initially RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
dysfunction NN O
in IN O
dopamine NN O
neurotransmission NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
observation NN O
that IN O
antagonists NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
glutamate NN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( , O
NMDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
produce VBP O
schizophrenic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
symptoms NNS O
in IN O
humans NNS O
has VBZ O
led VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
idea NN O
of IN O
a DT O
dysfunctioning NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glutamatergic JJ O
system NN O
via IN O
its PRP$ O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
a DT O
result NN O
, , O
there EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
growing VBG O
interest NN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
pharmacological JJ O
agents NNS O
with IN O
potential JJ O
antipsychotic JJ O
properties NNS O
that WDT O
enhance VBP O
the DT O
activity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glutamatergic JJ O
system NN O
via IN O
a DT O
modulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
them PRP O
are VBP O
glycine NN O
transporter NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
( HYPH O
GlyT1 NNP O
) -RRB- O
inhibitors NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
SSR103800 NN O
, , O
which WDT O
indirectly RB O
enhance VBP O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
function NN O
by IN O
increasing VBG O
the DT O
glycine NN O
( : O
a DT O
co NN O
- HYPH O
agonist NN O
for IN O
the DT O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
) , O
levels NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
synapse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
aimed VBN O
at IN O
investigating VBG O
the DT O
potential JJ O
antipsychotic JJ O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
properties NNS O
of IN O
SSR103800 NN O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
particular JJ O
focus NN O
on IN O
models NNS O
of IN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
, , O
involving VBG O
either CC O
drug NN O
challenge NN O
( , O
ie FW O
, , O
amphetamine NN O
and CC O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
transgenic JJ O
mice NNS O
( , O
ie FW O
, , O
NMDA NNP O
Nr1 NNP O
( , O
neo NN O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
DAT NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Results NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
SSR103800 NNP O
( SYM O
10 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
p NN O
. . O
o LS O
. . O
) -RRB- O
blocked VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
competitive JJ O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
and CC O
partially RB O
reversed VBN O
spontaneous JJ O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
of IN O
NMDA NNP O
Nr1 NNP O
( : O
neo NN O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- : O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
SSR103800 NNP O
failed VBD O
to TO O
affect VB O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
amphetamine NN O
or CC O
naturally RB O
observed VBN O
in IN O
dopamine NN O
transporter NN O
( , O
DAT NNP O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
) , O
knockout NN O
mice NNS O
( : O
10 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
p NN O
. . O
o CD O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Importantly RB O
, , O
both CC O
classical JJ O
( , O
haloperidol NN O
) , O
and CC O
atypical JJ O
( , O
olanzapine NN O
, , O
clozapine NN O
and CC O
aripiprazole NN O
) , O
antipsychotics NNS O
were VBD O
effective JJ O
in IN O
all PDT O
these DT O
models NNS O
of IN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
unlike IN O
these DT O
latter JJ O
, , O
SSR103800 NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
produce VB O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
( , O
retention NN O
on IN O
the DT O
bar NN O
test NN O
) , O
up IN O
to IN O
30 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
p NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Together RB O
these DT O
findings NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
GlyT1 NNP O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
SSR103800 NNP O
, , O
produces VBZ O
antipsychotic JJ O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
differ VBP O
from IN O
those DT O
observed VBN O
with IN O
compounds NNS O
primarily RB O
targeting VBG O
the DT O
dopaminergic JJ O
system NN O
, , O
and CC O
has VBZ O
a DT O
reduced VBN O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
potential NN O
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
these DT O
latter JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pyrrolidine NN O
dithiocarbamate NN O
protects VBZ O
the DT O
piriform NN O
cortex NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pilocarpine NN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pyrrolidine NN O
dithiocarbamate NN O
( , O
PDTC NNP O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
a DT O
dual JJ O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
action NN O
as IN O
an DT O
antioxidant NN O
and CC O
an DT O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
the DT O
transcription NN O
factor NN O
kappa NN O
- HYPH O
beta NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
, , O
production NN O
of IN O
reactive JJ O
oxygen NN O
species NNS O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
activation NN O
of IN O
NF NNP O
- HYPH O
kappaB NNP O
have VBP O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
severe JJ O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
different JJ O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
regions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
in IN O
the DT O
surrounding VBG O
cortices NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
PDTC NNP O
on IN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
cell NN O
loss NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
and CC O
piriform NN O
cortex NN O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
fractionated VBN O
pilocarpine NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
with IN O
150 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNP O
PDTC NNP O
before IN O
and CC O
following VBG O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
mortality NN O
rate NN O
to IN O
100 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
50 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNP O
PDTC NNP O
( HYPH O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
) -RRB- O
did VBD O
not RB O
exert VB O
major JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
a DT O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
or CC O
the DT O
mortality NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vehicle NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
caused VBD O
pronounced VBN O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
piriform NN O
cortex NN O
comprising VBG O
both CC O
pyramidal JJ O
cells NNS O
and CC O
interneurons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
PDTC NNP O
treatment NN O
almost RB O
completely RB O
protected VBN O
from IN O
lesions NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
piriform NN O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
neuronal JJ O
density NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hippocampal JJ O
hilar NN O
formation NN O
was VBD O
identified VBN O
in IN O
vehicle NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
PDTC NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
following VBG O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
the DT O
NF NNP O
- HYPH O
kappaB NNP O
inhibitor NN O
and CC O
antioxidant JJ O
PDTC NNP O
protected VBD O
the DT O
piriform NN O
cortex NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
it PRP O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
hilar JJ O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
might MD O
indicate VB O
that IN O
the DT O
generation NN O
of IN O
reactive JJ O
oxygen NN O
species NNS O
and CC O
activation NN O
of IN O
NF NNP O
- HYPH O
kappaB NNP O
plays VBZ O
a DT O
more RBR O
central JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
temporal JJ O
cortex NN O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
hippocampal JJ O
hilus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
future JJ O
investigations NNS O
are VBP O
necessary JJ O
to TO O
exactly RB O
analyze VB O
the DT O
biochemical JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
by IN O
which WDT O
PDTC NNP O
exerted VBD O
its PRP$ O
beneficial JJ O
effects NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
piriform NN O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anaesthetists NNS O
' POS O
nightmare NN O
: : O
masseter NN B-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
after IN O
induction NN O
in IN O
an DT O
undiagnosed JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
myotonia NN B-Disease
congenita NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
an DT O
undiagnosed JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
myotonia NN B-Disease
congenita NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
previously RB O
healthy JJ O
primigravida NN O
, , O
who WP O
developed VBD O
life NN O
threatening VBG O
masseter NN B-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
following VBG O
a DT O
standard JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
suxamethonium NN O
for IN O
induction NN O
of IN O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neither CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
nor CC O
the DT O
anaesthetist NN O
was VBD O
aware JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
diagnosis NN O
before IN O
this DT O
potentially RB O
lethal JJ O
complication NN O
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twin NN O
preterm JJ O
neonates NNS O
with IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
lopinavir NN O
/ SYM O
ritonavir NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
twin JJ O
neonates NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
born VBN O
prematurely RB O
at IN O
32 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
gestation NN O
to IN O
a DT O
mother NN O
with IN O
human JJ B-Disease
immunodeficiency NN I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
of IN O
the DT O
twins NNS O
developed VBD O
complete JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
and CC O
dilated VBD B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
lopinavir NN O
/ SYM O
ritonavir NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
a DT O
boosted VBN O
protease NN O
- HYPH O
inhibitor NN O
agent NN O
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
twin NN O
developed VBD O
mild JJ O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
recommend VBP O
caution NN O
in IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
lopinavir NN O
/ SYM O
ritonavir NN O
in IN O
the DT O
immediate JJ O
neonatal JJ O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
drugs NNS O
disappear VBP O
from IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
: : O
elimination NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
medication NN O
by IN O
hemodiafiltration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
heart NN O
transplantation NN O
, , O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
acute JJ O
right JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
was VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
requiring VBG O
continuous JJ O
venovenous JJ O
hemodiafiltration NN O
( -LRB- O
CVVHDF NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increasing VBG O
doses NNS O
of IN O
catecholamines NNS O
, , O
sedatives NNS O
, , O
and CC O
muscle NN O
relaxants NNS O
administered VBN O
through IN O
a DT O
central JJ O
venous JJ O
catheter NN O
were VBD O
ineffective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
a DT O
bolus NN O
of IN O
epinephrine NN O
injected VBN O
through IN O
an DT O
alternative JJ O
catheter NN O
provoked VBD O
a DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
crisis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
interference NN O
with IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
venous JJ O
infusion NN O
by IN O
the DT O
dialysis NN O
catheter NN O
was VBD O
suspected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
catheters NNS O
were VBD O
changed VBN O
, , O
and CC O
hemodynamics NNS O
stabilized VBD O
at IN O
lower JJR O
catecholamine NN O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
IV NN O
drugs NNS O
are VBP O
inadequate JJ O
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
CVVHDF NNP O
, , O
interference NN O
with IN O
adjacent JJ O
catheters NNS O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
elimination NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
by IN O
CVVHDF NNP O
should MD O
be VB O
suspected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Less RBR O
frequent JJ O
lithium NN O
administration NN O
and CC O
lower JJR O
urine NN O
volume NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
patients NNS O
maintained VBD O
on IN O
a DT O
regimen NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
on IN O
a DT O
once RB O
- HYPH O
per IN O
- HYPH O
day NN O
schedule NN O
have VBP O
lower JJR O
urine NN O
volumes NNS O
than IN O
do VBP O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
multiple JJ O
doses NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
This DT O
was VBD O
a DT O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
sectional JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
85 CD O
patients NNS O
from IN O
a DT O
lithium NN O
clinic NN O
who WP O
received VBD O
different JJ O
dose NN O
schedules NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
were VBD O
admitted VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
hospital NN O
for IN O
measurement NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
level NN O
, , O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
, , O
urine NN O
volume NN O
, , O
and CC O
maximum NN O
osmolality NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Multiple JJ O
daily JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
lithium NN O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
higher JJR O
urine NN O
volumes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dosing NN O
schedule NN O
, , O
duration NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
and CC O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
maximum NN O
osmolality NN O
or CC O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Urine NN O
volume NN O
can MD O
be VB O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
giving VBG O
lithium NN O
once RB O
daily RB O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
by IN O
lowering VBG O
the DT O
total JJ O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
polyuria NN B-Disease
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
related JJ O
to IN O
extrarenal JJ O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
to IN O
renal JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antibacterial JJ O
medication NN O
use NN O
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
and CC O
risk NN O
of IN O
birth NN B-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
: : O
National NNP O
Birth NNP B-Disease
Defects NNPS I-Disease
Prevention NNP O
Study NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
estimate VB O
the DT O
association NN O
between IN O
antibacterial JJ O
medications NNS O
and CC O
selected VBN O
birth NN B-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
, , O
SETTING NN O
, , O
AND CC O
PARTICIPANTS NNS O
: : O
Population NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
, , O
multisite NN O
, , O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
of IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
pregnancies NNS O
affected VBN O
by IN O
1 CD O
of IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
30 CD O
eligible JJ O
major JJ O
birth NN B-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
identified VBN O
via IN O
birth NN B-Disease
defect NN I-Disease
surveillance NN O
programs NNS O
in IN O
10 CD O
states NNS O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
13 CD O
155 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
control NN O
women NNS O
randomly RB O
selected VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
geographical JJ O
regions NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
4941 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MAIN JJ O
EXPOSURE NN O
: : O
Reported VBN O
maternal JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
antibacterials NNS O
( , O
1 CD O
month NN O
before IN O
pregnancy NN O
through IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
trimester NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MAIN JJ O
OUTCOME NN O
MEASURE NN O
: : O
Odds NNS O
ratios NNS O
( -LRB- O
ORs NNS O
) -RRB- O
measuring VBG O
the DT O
association NN O
between IN O
antibacterial JJ O
use NN O
and CC O
selected VBN O
birth NN B-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
adjusted VBN O
for IN O
potential JJ O
confounders NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
reported JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
antibacterials NNS O
increased VBD O
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
, , O
peaking VBG O
during IN O
the DT O
third JJ O
month NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sulfonamides NNP O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
anencephaly JJ B-Disease
( , O
adjusted VBN O
OR CC O
[ -LRB- O
AOR NNP O
] -RRB- O
= : O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
[ -LRB- O
CI NN O
] -RRB- O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
- SYM O
8 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
hypoplastic JJ B-Disease
left VBN I-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( : O
AOR NNP O
= SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
- SYM O
7 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
coarctation NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
aorta NN I-Disease
( : O
AOR NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
) NFP O
, , O
choanal JJ B-Disease
atresia NN I-Disease
( : O
AOR NNP O
= SYM O
8 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
- SYM O
23 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
transverse JJ B-Disease
limb NN I-Disease
deficiency NN I-Disease
( : O
AOR NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
diaphragmatic JJ B-Disease
hernia NN I-Disease
( : O
AOR NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nitrofurantoins NNS O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
anophthalmia NN B-Disease
or CC O
microphthalmos NN B-Disease
( , O
AOR NN O
= SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- SYM O
12 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
hypoplastic JJ B-Disease
left VBN I-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( : O
AOR NNP O
= SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
- SYM O
9 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
atrial JJ B-Disease
septal NN I-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
( : O
AOR NNP O
= SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
cleft JJ B-Disease
lip NN I-Disease
with IN O
cleft JJ B-Disease
palate NN I-Disease
( : O
AOR NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Other JJ O
antibacterial JJ O
agents NNS O
that WDT O
showed VBD O
associations NNS O
included VBD O
erythromycins NN O
( , O
2 CD O
defects NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
penicillins NNS O
( , O
1 CD O
defect NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
cephalosporins NNS O
( , O
1 CD O
defect NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
quinolones NNS O
( , O
1 CD O
defect NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Reassuringly RB O
, , O
penicillins NNS O
, , O
erythromycins NNS O
, , O
and CC O
cephalosporins NNS O
, , O
although IN O
used VBN O
commonly RB O
by IN O
pregnant JJ O
women NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
many JJ O
birth NN B-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sulfonamides NNS O
and CC O
nitrofurantoins NNS O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
several JJ O
birth NN B-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
, , O
indicating VBG O
a DT O
need NN O
for IN O
additional JJ O
scrutiny NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Differential JJ O
impact NN O
of IN O
immune JJ O
escape NN O
mutations NNS O
G145R NN O
and CC O
P120T NN O
on IN O
the DT O
replication NN O
of IN O
lamivudine NN O
- HYPH O
resistant JJ O
hepatitis NN O
B NNP O
virus NN O
e NN O
antigen NN O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
and CC O
- HYPH O
negative JJ O
strains NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immune JJ O
escape NN O
variants NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
virus NN O
( -LRB- O
HBV NNP O
) -RRB- O
represent VBP O
an DT O
emerging VBG O
clinical JJ O
challenge NN O
, , O
because IN O
they PRP O
can MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
vaccine NN O
escape NN O
, , O
HBV NN O
reactivation NN O
, , O
and CC O
failure NN O
of IN O
diagnostic JJ O
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recent JJ O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
a DT O
preferential JJ O
selection NN O
of IN O
immune JJ O
escape NN O
mutants NNS O
in IN O
distinct JJ O
peripheral JJ O
blood NN O
leukocyte NN O
compartments NNS O
of IN O
infected VBN O
individuals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
therefore RB O
systematically RB O
analyzed VBD O
the DT O
functional JJ O
impact NN O
of IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
prevalent JJ O
immune JJ O
escape NN O
variants NNS O
, , O
the DT O
sG145R NNP O
and CC O
sP120T NN O
mutants NNS O
, , O
on IN O
the DT O
viral JJ O
replication NN O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
antiviral JJ O
drug NN O
susceptibility NN O
of IN O
common JJ O
treatment NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
mutants NNS O
with IN O
resistance NN O
to IN O
lamivudine NN O
( , O
LAM NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
HBeAg NNP O
negativity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Replication NN O
- HYPH O
competent JJ O
HBV NNP O
strains NNS O
with IN O
sG145R NNP O
or CC O
sP120T NN O
and CC O
LAM NNP O
resistance NN O
( -LRB- O
rtM204I NN O
or CC O
rtL180M NN O
/ SYM O
rtM204V NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
generated VBN O
on IN O
an DT O
HBeAg NNP O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
and CC O
an DT O
HBeAg NNP O
- HYPH O
negative JJ O
background NN O
with IN O
precore NN O
( -LRB- O
PC NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
basal NN O
core NN O
promoter NN O
( -LRB- O
BCP NNP O
) -RRB- O
mutants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
sG145R NNP O
mutation NN O
strongly RB O
reduced VBD O
HBsAg NNP O
levels NNS O
and CC O
was VBD O
able JJ O
to TO O
fully RB O
restore VB O
the DT O
impaired VBN O
replication NN O
of IN O
LAM NN O
- HYPH O
resistant JJ O
HBV NNP O
mutants NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
levels NNS O
of IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
HBV NNP O
, , O
and CC O
PC NN O
or CC O
BCP NNP O
mutations NNS O
further RB O
enhanced VBN O
viral JJ O
replication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
sP120T NNP O
substitution NN O
also RB O
impaired VBD O
HBsAg NNP O
secretion NN O
, , O
it PRP O
did VBD O
not RB O
enhance VB O
the DT O
replication NN O
of IN O
LAM NNP O
- HYPH O
resistant JJ O
clones NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
concomitant JJ O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
HBeAg NNP O
negativity NN O
( , O
PC NNP O
/ SYM O
BCP NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
sP120T NN O
, , O
and CC O
LAM NNP O
resistance NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
restoration NN O
of IN O
replication NN O
to IN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
HBV NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
all DT O
clones NNS O
with IN O
combined VBN O
immune JJ O
escape NN O
and CC O
LAM NNP O
resistance NN O
mutations NNS O
, , O
the DT O
nucleotide NN O
analogues NNS O
adefovir NN O
and CC O
tenofovir NN O
remained VBD O
effective JJ O
in IN O
suppressing VBG O
viral JJ O
replication NN O
in IN O
vitro FW O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
reveal VBP O
the DT O
differential JJ O
impact NN O
of IN O
immune JJ O
escape NN O
variants NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
replication NN O
and CC O
drug NN O
susceptibility NN O
of IN O
complex JJ O
HBV NNP O
mutants NNS O
, , O
supporting VBG O
the DT O
need NN O
of IN O
close JJ O
surveillance NN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
adjustment NN O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
the DT O
selection NN O
of IN O
distinct JJ O
mutational JJ O
patterns NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
omeprazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Omeprazole NNP O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
drug NN O
designed VBN O
to TO O
block VB O
the DT O
final JJ O
step NN O
in IN O
the DT O
acid JJ O
secretory NN O
process NN O
within IN O
the DT O
parietal JJ O
cell NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
extremely RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
peptic JJ B-Disease
ulcer NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
reflux NN B-Disease
esophagitis NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
Zollinger NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Ellison NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
clinical JJ O
experience NN O
with IN O
omeprazole NN O
is VBZ O
still RB O
limited JJ O
, , O
many JJ O
controlled VBN O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
established VBN O
the DT O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
safety NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
serious JJ O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
adverse JJ O
reaction NN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
omeprazole NN O
: : O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
weakness NN O
, , O
lethargy NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
shortness NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
breath NN I-Disease
2 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
starting VBG O
therapy NN O
with IN O
omeprazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
initiation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
, , O
her PRP$ O
hematocrit NN O
had VBD O
decreased VBN O
from IN O
44 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
20 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
, , O
and CC O
she PRP O
had VBD O
a DT O
positive JJ O
direct JJ O
Coombs NNP O
antiglobulin JJ O
test NN O
and CC O
an DT O
elevated VBN O
indirect JJ O
bilirubin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
she PRP O
discontinued VBD O
the DT O
omeprazole NN O
, , O
her PRP$ O
hemoglobin NN O
and CC O
hematocrit NN O
gradually RB O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
by IN O
which WDT O
omeprazole NN O
caused VBD O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
uncertain JJ O
, , O
but CC O
physicians NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
alerted VBN O
to IN O
this DT O
possible JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phenylephrine NN O
but CC O
not RB O
ephedrine NN O
reduces VBZ B-Disease
frontal JJ I-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
oxygenation NN I-Disease
following VBG O
anesthesia NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Vasopressor NN O
agents NNS O
are VBP O
used VBN O
to TO O
correct VB O
anesthesia NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
phenylephrine NN O
and CC O
ephedrine NN O
on IN O
frontal JJ O
lobe NN O
oxygenation NN O
( , O
S NNP O
( , O
c NN O
) -RRB- O
O NN O
( , O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
) , O
following VBG O
anesthesia NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Following VBG O
induction NN O
of IN O
anesthesia NN O
by IN O
fentanyl NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
15 CD O
mg NN O
kg NN O
( HYPH O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
) , O
and CC O
propofol NN O
( , O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg CD O
kg NNS O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
, , O
13 CD O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
phenylephrine NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
iv NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
12 CD O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
ephedrine NN O
( : O
10 CD O
mg NN O
iv NN O
) -RRB- O
to TO O
restore VB O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
MAP NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heart NN O
rate NN O
( -LRB- O
HR NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
MAP NNP O
, , O
stroke NN B-Disease
volume NN O
( , O
SV NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
( , O
CO NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
frontal JJ O
lobe NN O
oxygenation NN O
( , O
S NNP O
( -LRB- O
c NN O
) -RRB- O
O NN O
( -LRB- O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
registered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Induction NN O
of IN O
anesthesia NN O
was VBD O
followed VBN O
by IN O
a DT B-Disease
decrease NN I-Disease
in IN I-Disease
MAP NNP I-Disease
, , I-Disease
HR NNP I-Disease
, , I-Disease
SV NN I-Disease
, , I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
CO NNP I-Disease
concomitant NN O
with IN O
an DT O
elevation NN O
in IN O
S NN O
( -LRB- O
c NN O
) SYM O
O NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
phenylephrine NN O
, , O
MAP NNP O
increased VBD O
( : O
51 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
12 CD O
to TO O
81 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
13 CD O
mmHg NN O
; : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
; : O
mean VB O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SD NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
a DT O
14 CD O
% NN O
( , O
from IN O
70 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
8 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
60 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
7 CD O
% NN O
) , O
reduction NN O
in IN O
S NNP O
( , O
c NN O
) : O
O NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
followed VBN O
with IN O
no DT O
change NN O
in IN O
CO NN O
( SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
to TO O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
l SYM O
min NN O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
ephedrine NN O
led VBD O
to IN O
a DT O
similar JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
MAP NNP O
( : O
53 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
to TO O
79 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
8 CD O
mmHg NN O
; : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
restored VBN O
CO NN O
( , O
3 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
to IN O
5 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
l HYPH O
min NN O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) NFP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
preserved VBN O
S NN O
( : O
c NN O
) : O
O NN O
( HYPH O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
utilization NN O
of IN O
phenylephrine NN O
to TO O
correct VB O
hypotension NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
anesthesia NN O
has VBZ O
a DT O
negative JJ O
impact NN O
on IN O
S NNP O
( , O
c NN O
) : O
O NN O
( , O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
while IN O
ephedrine NN O
maintains VBZ O
frontal JJ O
lobe NN O
oxygenation NN O
potentially RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
CO NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolonged VBN O
elevation NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
argatroban NN O
in IN O
a DT O
cardiac JJ O
transplant NN O
patient NN O
with IN O
a DT O
suspected VBN O
history NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
with IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Direct JJ O
thrombin NN O
inhibitors NNS O
( , O
DTIs NNP O
) -RRB- O
provide VBP O
an DT O
alternative JJ O
method NN O
of IN O
anticoagulation NN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
HIT NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
or CC O
HIT NN B-Disease
with IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
HITT NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
undergoing VBG O
cardiopulmonary JJ O
bypass NN O
( -LRB- O
CPB NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
report NN O
, , O
a DT O
65 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
critically RB B-Disease
ill JJ I-Disease
patient NN O
with IN O
a DT O
suspected VBN O
history NN O
of IN O
HITT NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
administered VBN O
argatroban NN O
for IN O
anticoagulation NN O
on IN O
bypass NN O
during IN O
heart NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
required VBD O
massive JJ O
transfusion NN O
support NN O
( : O
55 CD O
units NNS O
of IN O
red JJ O
blood NN O
cells NNS O
, , O
42 CD O
units NNS O
of IN O
fresh JJ O
- HYPH O
frozen VBN O
plasma NN O
, , O
40 CD O
units NNS O
of IN O
cryoprecipitate NN O
, , O
40 CD O
units NNS O
of IN O
platelets NNS O
, , O
and CC O
three CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
recombinant JJ O
Factor NNP O
VIIa NNP O
) , O
for IN O
severe JJ O
intraoperative JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
postoperative JJ I-Disease
bleeding NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
STUDY NN O
DESIGN NN O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Plasma NN O
samples NNS O
from IN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
CPB NNP O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
postoperatively RB O
for IN O
argatroban JJ O
concentration NN O
using VBG O
a DT O
modified VBN O
ecarin NN O
clotting NN O
time NN O
( -LRB- O
ECT NNP O
) -RRB- O
assay NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Unexpectedly RB O
high JJ O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
argatroban NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
these DT O
samples NNS O
( , O
range NN O
, , O
0 CD O
- SYM O
32 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
mL NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
prolonged VBN O
plasma NN O
argatroban NN O
half NN O
life NN O
( , O
t NN O
( , O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
) NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
514 CD O
minutes NNS O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
( , O
published VBN O
elimination NN O
t NN O
( , O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
39 CD O
- SYM O
51 CD O
minutes NNS O
[ -LRB- O
< SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
181 CD O
minutes NNS O
with IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Correlation NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
argatroban NN O
concentration NN O
versus IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
coagulation NN O
variables NNS O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
course NN O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
prolonged VBN O
elevated VBN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
plasma NN O
argatroban NN O
may MD O
have VB O
contributed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
extended VBN O
coagulopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
DTIs NNS O
do VBP O
not RB O
have VB O
reversal JJ O
agents NNS O
, , O
surgical JJ O
teams NNS O
and CC O
transfusion NN O
services NNS O
should MD O
remain VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
massive JJ O
transfusion NN O
events NNS O
during IN O
anticoagulation NN O
with IN O
these DT O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
report NN O
to TO O
measure VB O
plasma NN O
argatroban NN O
concentration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
context NN O
of IN O
CPB NN O
and CC O
extended VBN O
coagulopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
adjunctive JJ O
bupropion NN O
on IN O
male JJ O
sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
selective JJ O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
inhibitor NN O
: : O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
and CC O
randomized VBN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
safety NN O
and CC O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
adjunctive JJ O
bupropion NN O
sustained VBN O
- HYPH O
release NN O
( -LRB- O
SR NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
male JJ O
sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
SD NN B-Disease
) , O
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
selective JJ O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
inhibitor NN O
( , O
SSRI NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
as IN O
SD NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
common JJ O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
of IN O
SSRIs NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
most RBS O
effective JJ O
treatments NNS O
have VBP O
yet RB O
to TO O
be VB O
determined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
randomized JJ O
sample NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
234 CD O
euthymic JJ O
men NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
receiving VBG O
some DT O
type NN O
of IN O
SSRI NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
men NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
bupropion NN O
SR NNP O
( , O
150 CD O
mg NN O
twice RB O
daily RB O
, , O
117 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
placebo NN O
( : O
twice RB O
daily RB O
, , O
117 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Efficacy NN O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
using VBG O
the DT O
Clinical NNP O
Global NNP O
Impression NNP O
- HYPH O
Sexual NNP O
Function NNP O
( , O
CGI NNP O
- HYPH O
SF NNP O
; : O
the DT O
primary JJ O
outcome NN O
measure NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
International NNP O
Index NNP O
of IN O
Erectile NNP O
Function NNP O
( , O
IIEF NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
Arizona NNP O
Sexual NNP O
Experience NNP O
Scale NNP O
( , O
ASEX NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
Erectile NNP B-Disease
Dysfunction NNP I-Disease
Inventory NNP O
of IN O
Treatment NNP O
Satisfaction NNP O
( , O
EDITS NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
secondary JJ O
outcome NN O
measures NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Participants NNS O
were VBD O
followed VBN O
biweekly RB O
during IN O
study NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
After IN O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
mean JJ O
( , O
sd NN O
) -RRB- O
scores NNS O
for IN O
CGI NNP O
- HYPH O
SF NNP O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
e LS O
. . O
better RBR O
, , O
in IN O
patients NNS O
on IN O
bupropion NN O
SR NNP O
, , O
at IN O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
( SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
, , O
at IN O
3 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
( SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
) SYM O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Men NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
bupropion NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
IIEF NNP O
score NN O
( : O
54 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
vs IN O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
003 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
five CD O
different JJ O
domains NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
IIEF NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Total JJ O
ASEX NNP O
scores NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
, , O
i LS O
. . O
e LS O
. . O
better JJR O
, , O
among IN O
men NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
bupropion NN O
than IN O
placebo NN O
, , O
at IN O
15 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
( SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
) SYM O
vs IN O
21 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
( SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
002 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
EDITS NNP O
scores NNS O
were VBD O
67 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
the DT O
bupropion NN O
and CC O
36 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
( SYM O
11 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
ASEX NNP O
score NN O
and CC O
CGI NNP O
- HYPH O
SF NNP O
score NN O
were VBD O
correlated VBN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
003 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
linear JJ O
regression NN O
analyses VBZ O
the DT O
CGI NNP O
- HYPH O
SF NNP O
score NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
affected VBN O
significantly RB O
by IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
SD NN B-Disease
, , O
type NN O
of IN O
SSRI NNP O
used VBN O
and CC O
age NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Bupropion NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
effective JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
male JJ O
SD NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
SSRIs NNPS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
provide VBP O
empirical JJ O
support NN O
for IN O
conducting VBG O
a DT O
further JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prevention NN O
of IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
reorganization NN O
of IN O
hippocampal JJ O
functions NNS O
by IN O
transplantation NN O
of IN O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
cells NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
phase NN O
of IN O
experimental JJ O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
therapeutic JJ O
potential NN O
of IN O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
mononuclear JJ O
cells NNS O
( , O
BMCs NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
a DT O
model NN O
of IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
pilocarpine NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BMCs NNS O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
green JJ O
fluorescent NN O
protein NN O
( -LRB- O
GFP NNP O
) -RRB- O
transgenic JJ O
mice NN O
or CC O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
transplanted VBN O
intravenously RB O
after IN O
induction NN O
of IN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
SE NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Spontaneous JJ B-Disease
recurrent JJ I-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
( -LRB- O
SRS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
monitored VBN O
using VBG O
Racine NNP O
' POS O
s NN O
seizure NN B-Disease
severity NN O
scale NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
of IN O
the DT O
rats NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
saline NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
control NN O
group NN O
developed VBD O
SRS NNP B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
none NN O
of IN O
the DT O
BMC NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
animals NNS O
had VBD O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
short JJ O
term NN O
( : O
15 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
transplantation NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
regardless RB O
of IN O
the DT O
BMC NNP O
source NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Over IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
chronic JJ O
phase NN O
( , O
120 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
transplantation NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
only RB O
25 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
BMC NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
animals NNS O
had VBD O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
with IN O
a DT O
lower JJR O
frequency NN O
and CC O
duration NN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
control NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
density NN O
of IN O
hippocampal JJ O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
brains NNS O
of IN O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
BMCs NNP O
was VBD O
markedly RB O
preserved VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
hippocampal JJ O
Schaeffer NNP O
collateral JJ O
- HYPH O
CA1 NN O
synapses NNS O
, , O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
potentiation NN O
was VBD O
preserved VBN O
in IN O
BMC NNP O
- HYPH O
transplanted VBN O
rats NNS O
compared VBN O
to IN O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
donor NN O
- HYPH O
derived VBN O
GFP NNP O
( : O
+ SYM O
) -RRB- O
cells NNS O
were VBD O
rarely RB O
found VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
brains NNS O
of IN O
transplanted VBN O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
treatment NN O
with IN O
BMCs NNS O
can MD O
prevent VB O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
reduce VB O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
influence VB O
the DT O
reorganization NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hippocampal JJ O
neuronal JJ O
network NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Normalizing VBG O
effects NNS O
of IN O
modafinil NN O
on IN O
sleep NN O
in IN O
chronic JJ O
cocaine NN O
users NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
morning NN O
- HYPH O
dosed VBN O
modafinil NN O
on IN O
sleep NN O
and CC O
daytime JJ B-Disease
sleepiness NN I-Disease
in IN O
chronic JJ O
cocaine NN O
users NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
Twenty CD O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
participants NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
modafinil NN O
, , O
400 CD O
mg NN O
( , O
N NNP O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
placebo NN O
( HYPH O
N NNP O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
every DT O
morning NN O
at IN O
7 CD O
: SYM O
30 CD O
a DT O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
for IN O
16 CD O
days NNS O
in IN O
an DT O
inpatient JJ O
, , O
double RB O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
randomized JJ O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Participants NNS O
underwent VBD O
polysomnographic JJ O
sleep NN O
recordings NNS O
on IN O
days NNS O
1 CD O
to IN O
3 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
to TO O
9 CD O
, , O
and CC O
14 CD O
to TO O
16 CD O
( , O
first JJ O
, , O
second JJ O
, , O
and CC O
third JJ O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
abstinence NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
Multiple NNP O
Sleep NNP O
Latency NNP O
Test NNP O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
at IN O
11 CD O
: SYM O
30 CD O
a DT O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
, , O
2 CD O
: : O
00 CD O
p NN O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
, , O
and CC O
4 CD O
: : O
30 CD O
p NN O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
on IN O
days NNS O
2 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
, , O
and CC O
15 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
comparison NN O
of IN O
sleep NN O
architecture NN O
variables NNS O
, , O
12 CD O
healthy JJ O
comparison NN O
participants NNS O
underwent VBD O
a DT O
single JJ O
night NN O
of IN O
experimental JJ O
polysomnography NN O
that WDT O
followed VBD O
1 CD O
night NN O
of IN O
accommodation NN O
polysomnography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Progressive JJ O
abstinence NN O
from IN O
cocaine NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
worsening VBG O
of IN O
all DT O
measured VBN O
polysomnographic JJ O
sleep NN O
outcomes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
, , O
modafinil NN O
decreased VBD O
nighttime JJ O
sleep NN O
latency NN O
and CC O
increased VBN O
slow JJ O
- HYPH O
wave NN O
sleep NN O
time NN O
in IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
participants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
modafinil NN O
interacted VBD O
with IN O
the DT O
abstinence NN O
week NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
longer JJR O
total JJ O
sleep NN O
time NN O
and CC O
shorter JJR O
REM NNP O
sleep NN O
latency NN O
in IN O
the DT O
third JJ O
week NN O
of IN O
abstinence NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
slow JJ O
- HYPH O
wave NN O
sleep NN O
time NN O
, , O
total JJ O
sleep NN O
time NN O
, , O
and CC O
sleep NN O
latency NN O
in IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
and CC O
healthy JJ O
participants NNS O
revealed VBD O
a DT O
normalizing JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
modafinil NN O
in IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
participants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Modafinil NNP O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
increased VBN O
daytime JJ O
sleep NN O
latency NN O
, , O
as IN O
measured VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
Multiple NNP O
Sleep NNP O
Latency NNP O
Test NNP O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
nearly RB O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
subjective JJ O
daytime NN B-Disease
sleepiness NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Morning NN O
- HYPH O
dosed JJ O
modafinil NN O
promotes VBZ O
nocturnal JJ O
sleep NN O
, , O
normalizes VBZ O
sleep NN O
architecture NN O
, , O
and CC O
decreases VBZ O
daytime JJ B-Disease
sleepiness NN I-Disease
in IN O
abstinent JJ O
cocaine NN O
users NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
effects NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
relevant JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
dependence NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Safety NN O
of IN O
transesophageal JJ O
echocardiography NN O
in IN O
adults NNS O
: : O
study VB O
in IN O
a DT O
multidisciplinary JJ O
hospital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
TEE NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
semi NN O
- HYPH O
invasive JJ O
tool NN O
broadly RB O
used VBN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
utilization NN O
associated VBN O
to IN O
sedatives NNS O
drugs NNS O
might MD O
to TO O
affect VB O
the DT O
procedure NN O
safety NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
to TO O
analyze VB O
aspects NNS O
of IN O
TEE NNP O
safety NN O
associated VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
Midazolan NNP O
( , O
MZ NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
Flumazenil NNP O
( , O
FL NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
variables NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
event NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
with IN O
137 CD O
patients NNS O
that WDT O
underwent VBD O
TEE NNP O
with IN O
MZ NNP O
associated VBN O
to IN O
moderate JJ O
sedation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
analyzed VBD O
the DT O
following VBG O
events NNS O
: : O
complications NNS O
related VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
topical JJ O
anesthesia NN O
, , O
with IN O
MZ NN O
use NN O
and CC O
with IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Uni NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
multivariate JJ O
analyses NNS O
were VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
test VB O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
variables NNS O
: : O
age NN O
, , O
sex NN O
, , O
stroke NN B-Disease
, , O
myocardiopathy NN B-Disease
( , O
MP NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
duration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
test NN O
, , O
mitral NN B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
( , O
MR NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
MZ NNP O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
All DT O
patients NNS O
( , O
65 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
16 CD O
yrs NNS O
; : O
58 CD O
% NN O
males NNS O
) -RRB- O
finished VBD O
the DT O
examination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
MZ NN O
and CC O
FL NNP O
were VBD O
4 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
mg NN O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
28 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
examination NN O
and CC O
the DT O
mean JJ O
ejection NN O
fraction NN O
( -LRB- O
EF NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
16 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
6 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
minutes NNS O
and CC O
60 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
9 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mild JJ O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
SO2 NN O
< SYM O
90 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
the DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
event NN O
( , O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
; : O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
presented VBD O
transient JJ O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
upper JJ O
airway NN B-Disease
obstruction NN I-Disease
by IN O
probe NN O
introduction NN O
and CC O
8 CD O
( SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
due IN O
to IN O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
MZ NNP O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Transient NN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
SAP NN O
< SYM O
90mmHg NNP O
) -RRB- O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
1 CD O
patient NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
multivariate JJ O
analysis NN O
showed VBD O
that IN O
severe JJ O
MR NNP B-Disease
, , O
MP NNP B-Disease
( , O
EF NNP O
< : O
45 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
MZ NNP O
( -LRB- O
> SYM O
5mg CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
events NNS O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
EF NNP O
was VBD O
40 CD O
% NN O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
group NN O
with IN O
MP NNP B-Disease
and CC O
44 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
the DT O
group NN O
with IN O
severe JJ O
MR NN B-Disease
and CC O
it PRP O
can MD O
be VB O
a DT O
factor NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
events NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
TEE NNP O
with IN O
sedation NN O
presents VBZ O
a DT O
low JJ O
rate NN O
of IN O
events NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
severe JJ O
events NNS O
and CC O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
need NN O
to TO O
interrupt VB O
the DT O
examinations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
direct JJ O
intracoronary JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
methylergonovine NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
variant JJ B-Disease
angina NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
intracoronary JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
methylergonovine NN O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
21 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
variant JJ B-Disease
angina NN I-Disease
and CC O
22 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
atypical JJ O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
and CC O
in IN O
others NNS O
without IN O
angina NN B-Disease
pectoris NN I-Disease
( HYPH O
control NN O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methylergonovine NNP O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
continuously RB O
at IN O
a DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
up IN O
to IN O
50 CD O
micrograms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
variant JJ B-Disease
angina NN I-Disease
, , O
coronary JJ B-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
was VBD O
provoked VBN O
at IN O
a DT O
mean JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
28 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
13 CD O
micrograms NNS O
( -LRB- O
mean JJ O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SD NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
neither CC O
ischemic JJ O
ST NNP O
change NN O
nor CC O
localized VBN O
spasm NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
basal JJ O
tone NN O
of IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
coronary JJ O
artery NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
coronary JJ O
artery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
percentage NN O
of IN O
vasoconstriction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
coronary JJ O
artery NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
coronary JJ O
artery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
spasm NN B-Disease
provocation NN O
tests NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
use VBP O
an DT O
intracoronary JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
a DT O
relatively RB O
low JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
methylergonovine NN O
, , O
have VBP O
a DT O
high JJ O
sensitivity NN O
in IN O
variant JJ B-Disease
angina NN I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
vasoreactivity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
coronary JJ O
artery NN O
may MD O
be VB O
greater JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
coronary JJ O
arteries NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oral JJ O
manifestations NNS O
of IN O
"""" `` O
meth NN B-Disease
mouth NN I-Disease
"""" '' O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AIM NN O
: : O
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
documentation NN O
of IN O
this DT O
clinical JJ O
case NN O
is VBZ O
to TO O
make VB O
clinicians NNS O
aware JJ O
of IN O
"""" `` O
meth NN B-Disease
mouth NN I-Disease
"""" '' O
and CC O
the DT O
medical JJ O
risks NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
this DT O
serious JJ O
condition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Methamphetamine NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
very RB O
addictive JJ O
, , O
powerful JJ O
stimulant NN O
that WDT O
increases VBZ O
wakefulness NN O
and CC O
physical JJ O
activity NN O
and CC O
can MD O
produce VB O
other JJ O
effects NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dysrhythmias NN I-Disease
, , O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
hallucinations NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
violent JJ B-Disease
behavior NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dental JJ O
patients NNS O
abusing VBG O
methamphetamine NN O
can MD O
present VB O
with IN O
poor JJ O
oral JJ O
hygiene NN O
, , O
xerostomia NN B-Disease
, , O
rampant JJ O
caries NNS B-Disease
( , O
"""" `` O
meth NN B-Disease
mouth NN I-Disease
"""" '' O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
excessive JJ O
tooth NN B-Disease
wear NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oral JJ O
rehabilitation NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
using VBG O
methamphetamine NN O
can MD O
be VB O
challenging JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
DESCRIPTION NN O
: : O
A DT O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
Caucasian JJ O
woman NN O
presented VBN O
with IN O
dental JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
, , O
bad JJ B-Disease
breath NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
self NN O
- HYPH O
reported VBN O
poor JJ O
esthetics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
comprehensive JJ O
examination NN O
including VBG O
her PRP$ O
medical JJ O
history NN O
, , O
panoramic JJ O
radiograph NN O
, , O
and CC O
intraoral JJ O
examination NN O
revealed VBD O
19 CD O
carious JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
not RB O
very RB O
common JJ O
for IN O
a DT O
healthy JJ O
adult NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
reported VBD O
her PRP$ O
use NN O
of IN O
methamphetamine NN O
for IN O
five CD O
years NNS O
and CC O
had VBD O
not RB O
experienced VBN O
any DT O
major JJ O
carious JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS I-Disease
before IN O
she PRP O
started VBD O
using VBG O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SUMMARY NN O
: : O
The DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
medical JJ O
and CC O
dental JJ O
histories NNS O
along IN O
with IN O
radiographic JJ O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
findings NNS O
lead VBP O
to IN O
a DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
"""" `` O
meth NN B-Disease
mouth NN I-Disease
. , O
"""" '' O
Although IN O
three CD O
different JJ O
dental JJ O
treatment NN O
modalities NNS O
( , O
either CC O
conventional JJ O
or CC O
implant NN O
- HYPH O
supported VBN O
) , O
have VBP O
been VBN O
offered VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
since IN O
August NNP O
2007 CD O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
has VBZ O
yet RB O
to TO O
initiate VB O
any DT O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CLINICAL JJ O
SIGNIFICANCE NN O
: : O
This DT O
clinical JJ O
case NN O
showing VBG O
oral JJ O
manifestations NNS O
of IN O
meth NN B-Disease
mouth NN I-Disease
was VBD O
presented VBN O
to TO O
help VB O
dental JJ O
practitioners NNS O
recognize VB O
and CC O
manage VB O
patients NNS O
who WP O
may MD O
be VB O
abusing VBG O
methamphetamines NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dental JJ O
practitioners NNS O
also RB O
may MD O
be VB O
skeptical JJ O
about IN O
the DT O
reliability NN O
of IN O
appointment NN O
keeping NN O
by IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
as IN O
they PRP O
frequently RB O
miss VBP O
their PRP$ O
appointments NNS O
without IN O
reasonable JJ O
justification NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antituberculosis NN O
therapy NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
: : O
magnitude NN O
, , O
profile NN O
, , O
prognosis NN O
, , O
and CC O
predictors NNS O
of IN O
outcome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antituberculosis NN O
therapy NN O
( -LRB- O
ATT NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
ATT NNP O
- HYPH O
ALF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
the DT O
commonest JJS O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ALF NNP B-Disease
in IN O
South NNP O
Asia NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prospective JJ O
studies NNS O
on IN O
ATT NNP O
- HYPH O
ALF NNP B-Disease
are VBP O
lacking VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
current JJ O
study NN O
prospectively RB O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
magnitude NN O
, , O
clinical JJ O
course NN O
, , O
outcome NN O
, , O
and CC O
prognostic JJ O
factors NNS O
in IN O
ATT NNP O
- HYPH O
ALF NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
January NNP O
1986 CD O
to IN O
January NNP O
2009 CD O
, , O
1223 CD O
consecutive JJ O
ALF NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
: : O
ATT NNP O
alone RB O
was VBD O
the DT O
cause NN O
in IN O
70 CD O
( SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) SYM O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Another DT O
15 CD O
( SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
ATT NNP O
and CC O
simultaneous JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
44 CD O
( SYM O
62 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
) , O
patients NNS O
, , O
ATT NNP O
was VBD O
prescribed VBN O
empirically RB O
without IN O
definitive JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
tuberculosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
ATT NNP O
- HYPH O
ALF NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
were VBD O
younger JJR O
( : O
32 CD O
. . O
87 CD O
[ -LRB- O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
15 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
] -RRB- O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
49 CD O
( SYM O
70 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
them PRP O
were VBD O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Most JJS O
had VBD O
hyperacute JJ O
presentation NN O
; : O
the DT O
median JJ O
icterus NN B-Disease
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
interval NN O
was VBD O
4 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
30 CD O
) SYM O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
median JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
ATT NNP O
before IN O
ALF NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
30 CD O
( SYM O
7 CD O
- SYM O
350 CD O
) -RRB- O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
presentation NN O
, , O
advanced JJ O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
and CC O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
were VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
51 CD O
( SYM O
76 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
29 CD O
( SYM O
41 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
) SYM O
patients NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
bleed NN I-Disease
, , O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
infection NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
were VBD O
documented VBN O
in IN O
seven CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
five CD O
( SYM O
7 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
26 CD O
( SYM O
37 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
seven CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
patients NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
hepatitis NNP B-Disease
E NNP I-Disease
virus NN O
( , O
HEV NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
A NN O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
E NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ALF NNP B-Disease
, , O
ATT NNP O
- HYPH O
ALF NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
had VBD O
nearly RB O
similar JJ O
presentations NNS O
except IN O
for IN O
older JJR O
age NN O
and CC O
less JJR O
elevation NN O
of IN O
liver NN O
enzymes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mortality NN O
rate NN O
among IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
ATT NNP O
- HYPH O
ALF NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
high JJ O
( : O
67 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
47 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
only RB O
23 CD O
( SYM O
32 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) , O
patients NNS O
recovered VBD O
with IN O
medical JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
multivariate JJ O
analysis NN O
, , O
three CD O
factors NNS O
independently RB O
predicted VBN O
mortality NN O
: : O
serum NN O
bilirubin NN O
( : O
> NFP O
or CC O
= SYM O
10 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
prothrombin NN O
time NN O
( : O
PT NN O
) -RRB- O
prolongation NN O
( : O
> NFP O
or CC O
= SYM O
26 CD O
seconds NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
grade NN O
III NNP O
/ SYM O
IV NN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
at IN O
presentation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
ATT NNP O
- HYPH O
ALF NNP B-Disease
constituted VBD O
5 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
ALF NNP B-Disease
at IN O
our PRP$ O
center NN O
and CC O
had VBD O
a DT O
high JJ O
mortality NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
the DT O
mortality NN O
rate NN O
is VBZ O
so RB O
high JJ O
, , O
determining VBG O
which WDT O
factors NNS O
are VBP O
predictors NNS O
is VBZ O
less RBR O
important JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
high JJ O
proportion NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
consumed VBN O
ATT NNP O
empirically RB O
, , O
which WDT O
could MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
prevented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Design NN O
and CC O
analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
HYPREN NNP O
- HYPH O
trial NN O
: : O
safety NN O
of IN O
enalapril NN O
and CC O
prazosin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
treatment NN O
phase NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
the DT O
introduction NN O
of IN O
angiotensin NN O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
( -LRB- O
ACE NNP O
) -RRB- O
inhibitors NNS O
into IN O
the DT O
adjunctive JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
cases NNS O
of IN O
severe JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
especially RB O
on IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
have VBP O
occasionally RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
safety NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ACE NNP O
inhibitor NN O
enalapril NN O
a DT O
multicenter NN O
, , O
randomized VBN O
, , O
prazosin NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
that WDT O
compared VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
symptomatic JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
on IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Trial NN O
medication NN O
was VBD O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
enalapril NN O
or CC O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
prazosin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjects NNS O
were VBD O
1210 CD O
inpatients NNS O
with IN O
New NNP O
York NNP O
Heart NNP O
Association NNP O
( : O
NYHA NNP O
) -RRB- O
functional JJ O
class NN O
II NN O
and CC O
III NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
enalapril NN O
experienced VBD O
clinically RB O
and CC O
statistically RB O
significantly RB O
less RBR O
symptomatic JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
( : O
5 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
prazosin NN O
( : O
12 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
recovered VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
enalapril NN O
was VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
and CC O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
, , O
therefore RB O
, , O
unreasonable JJ O
to TO O
restrict VB O
the DT O
initiation NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
enalapril NN O
to IN O
inpatients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Central JJ B-Disease
nervous JJ I-Disease
system NN I-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
during IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
lymphoblastic JJ I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
pediatric JJ O
institution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Central JJ B-Disease
nervous JJ I-Disease
system NN I-Disease
( : I-Disease
CNS NNP I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
during IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
childhood NN O
acute JJ B-Disease
lymphoblastic JJ I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
( , O
ALL NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
remain VBP O
a DT O
challenging VBG O
clinical JJ O
problem NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Outcome NN O
improvement NN O
with IN O
more RBR O
intensive JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
has VBZ O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
analyzed VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
neurological JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
during IN O
ALL DT B-Disease
treatment NN O
in IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
pediatric JJ O
institution NN O
, , O
focusing VBG O
on IN O
clinical JJ O
, , O
radiological JJ O
, , O
and CC O
electrophysiological JJ O
findings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Exclusion NN O
criteria NNS O
included VBD O
CNS NNP O
leukemic JJ B-Disease
infiltration NN I-Disease
at IN O
diagnosis NN O
, , O
therapy NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
, , O
late JJ O
- HYPH O
onset NN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
neurocognitive JJ B-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
a DT O
9 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
period NN O
, , O
we PRP O
retrospectively RB O
collected VBD O
27 CD O
neurological JJ O
events NNS O
( , O
11 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
as RB O
many JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
from IN O
253 CD O
children NNS O
enrolled VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
ALL NNP B-Disease
front JJ O
- HYPH O
line NN O
protocol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CNS NNP O
complications NNS O
included VBD O
posterior JJ O
reversible JJ O
leukoencephalopathy NN B-Disease
syndrome NN O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
stroke NN B-Disease
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
temporal JJ B-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
methotrexate NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
syndrome NN O
of IN O
inappropriate JJ B-Disease
antidiuretic JJ I-Disease
hormone NN I-Disease
secretion NN I-Disease
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
other JJ O
unclassified JJ O
events NNS O
( : O
n ADD O
= SYM O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
CNS NNP O
complications NNS O
are VBP O
frequent JJ O
events NNS O
during IN O
ALL DT B-Disease
therapy NN O
, , O
and CC O
require VBP O
rapid JJ O
detection NN O
and CC O
prompt JJ O
treatment NN O
to TO O
limit VB O
permanent JJ O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
causes VBZ O
memory NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
learning NN I-Disease
impairments NNS I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
: : O
involvement NN O
of IN O
nuclear JJ O
factor NN O
kappa NN O
B NN O
and CC O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
, , O
and CC O
prevention NN O
by IN O
topiramate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Different JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
suggested VBN O
for IN O
cocaine NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
including VBG O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
but CC O
the DT O
association NN O
between IN O
oxidative JJ O
status NN O
in IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
and CC O
cocaine NN O
induced VBN O
- HYPH O
behaviour NN O
is VBZ O
poorly RB O
understood VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nuclear JJ O
factor NN O
kappa NN O
B NNP O
( , O
NFkappaB NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
sensor NN O
of IN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
and CC O
participates VBZ O
in IN O
memory NN O
formation NN O
that WDT O
could MD O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
drug NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
addiction NN O
mechanisms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
NFkappaB NNP O
activity NN O
, , O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
, , O
neuronal JJ O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
synthase NN O
( , O
nNOS NN O
) -RRB- O
activity NN O
, , O
spatial JJ O
learning NN O
and CC O
memory NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
topiramate NN O
, , O
a DT O
previously RB O
proposed VBN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
cocaine NN B-Disease
addiction NN I-Disease
, , O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
an DT O
experimental JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
administration NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NFkappaB NNP O
activity NN O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
frontal JJ O
cortex NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
GSH NNP O
concentration NN O
and CC O
glutathione NN O
peroxidase NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
nNOS NNP O
activity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Memory NN O
retrieval NN O
of IN O
experiences NNS O
acquired VBN O
prior RB O
to IN O
cocaine NN O
administration NN O
was VBD O
impaired VBN O
and CC O
negatively RB O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
NFkappaB NNP O
activity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
frontal JJ O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
learning VBG O
of IN O
new JJ O
tasks NNS O
was VBD O
enhanced VBN O
and CC O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
nNOS NNP O
activity NN O
and CC O
the DT O
decrease NN O
of IN O
glutathione NN O
peroxidase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
provide VBP O
evidence NN O
for IN O
a DT O
possible JJ O
mechanistic JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
oxidative JJ O
and CC O
nitrosative JJ O
stress NN O
and CC O
NFkappaB NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
alterations NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Topiramate NNP O
prevented VBD O
all PDT O
the DT O
alterations NNS O
observed VBN O
, , O
showing VBG O
novel JJ O
neuroprotective JJ O
properties NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
of IN O
asenapine NN O
in IN O
a DT O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ O
exacerbation NN O
of IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Asenapine NNP O
is VBZ O
approved VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
Food NNP O
and CC O
Drugs NNPS O
Administration NNP O
in IN O
adults NNS O
for IN O
acute JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
or CC O
of IN O
manic JJ B-Disease
or CC O
mixed JJ O
episodes NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
I NN I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
psychotic JJ B-Disease
features NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
trial NN O
, , O
458 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
fixed VBN O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
asenapine NN O
at IN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
twice RB O
daily JJ O
( , O
BID NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
asenapine NN O
at IN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
BID NN O
, , O
placebo NN O
, , O
or CC O
haloperidol NN O
at IN O
4 CD O
mg NN O
BID NN O
( , O
to TO O
verify VB O
assay NN O
sensitivity NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
last JJ O
observations NNS O
carried VBN O
forward RB O
( , O
LOCF NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
mean JJ O
Positive JJ O
and CC O
Negative JJ O
Syndrome NNP O
Scale NNP O
total JJ O
score NN O
reductions NNS O
from IN O
baseline NN O
to IN O
endpoint NN O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
greater JJR O
with IN O
asenapine NN O
at IN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
BID NN O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
16 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
15 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
placebo NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
; : O
both DT O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
; , O
using VBG O
mixed VBN O
model NN O
for IN O
repeated VBN O
measures NNS O
( -LRB- O
MMRM NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
changes NNS O
at IN O
day NN O
42 CD O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
greater JJR O
with IN O
asenapine NN O
at IN O
5 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
mg NN O
BID NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
21 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
and CC O
- HYPH O
19 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
) , O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
20 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
placebo NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
14 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
; : O
all DT O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
Positive JJ O
and CC O
Negative NNP O
Syndrome NNP O
Scale NNP O
positive JJ O
subscale NN O
, , O
all DT O
treatments NNS O
were VBD O
superior JJ O
to IN O
placebo NN O
with IN O
LOCF NNP O
and CC O
MMRM NNP O
; : O
asenapine NN O
at IN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
BID NN O
was VBD O
superior JJ O
to IN O
placebo NN O
on IN O
the DT O
negative JJ O
subscale NN O
with IN O
MMRM NNP O
and CC O
on IN O
the DT O
general JJ O
psychopathology NN O
subscale NN O
with IN O
LOCF NNP O
and CC O
MMRM NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
( -LRB- O
AEs NNP O
) -RRB- O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
44 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
52 CD O
% NN O
, , O
57 CD O
% NN O
, , O
and CC O
41 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
asenapine NN O
at IN O
5 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
mg NN O
BID NNP O
, , O
haloperidol NN O
, , O
and CC O
placebo NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
reported VBN O
as IN O
AEs NNS O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
15 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
18 CD O
% NN O
, , O
34 CD O
% NN O
, , O
and CC O
10 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
asenapine NN O
at IN O
5 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
mg NN O
BID NNP O
, , O
haloperidol NN O
, , O
and CC O
placebo NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Across IN O
all DT O
groups NNS O
, , O
no DT O
more JJR O
than IN O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
clinically RB O
significant JJ O
weight NN O
change NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Post JJ O
hoc NN O
analyses NNS O
indicated VBD O
that IN O
efficacy NN O
was VBD O
similar JJ O
with IN O
asenapine NN O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
; : O
greater JJR O
contrasts NNS O
were VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
AEs NNS O
, , O
especially RB O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Salvage NN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
nelarabine NN O
, , O
etoposide NN O
, , O
and CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
in IN O
relapsed VBN O
/ SYM O
refractory JJ O
paediatric JJ O
T NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
lymphoblastic JJ I-Disease
leukaemia NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
lymphoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
d NN O
of IN O
nelarabine NN O
( , O
AraG NNP O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
5 CD O
d NN O
of IN O
etoposide NN O
( , O
VP NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
( -LRB- O
CPM NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
prophylactic JJ O
intrathecal JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
as IN O
salvage NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
seven CD O
children NNS O
with IN O
refractory JJ O
or CC O
relapsed VBN O
T NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
leukaemia NN I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
lymphoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
attributable JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
AraG NNP O
included VBD O
Grade NNP O
2 CD O
and CC O
3 CD O
sensory NN O
and CC O
motor NN O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
and CC O
musculoskeletal JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haematological JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
was VBD O
greater JJR O
for IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
than IN O
AraG NNP O
alone RB O
, , O
although IN O
median JJ O
time NN O
to IN O
neutrophil NN O
and CC O
platelet NN O
recovery NN O
was VBD O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
other JJ O
salvage NN O
therapies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
some DT O
response NN O
to IN O
the DT O
combined VBN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
five CD O
of IN O
the DT O
seven CD O
went VBD O
into IN O
complete JJ O
remission NN O
after IN O
one CD O
or CC O
two CD O
courses NNS O
of IN O
AraG NNP O
/ SYM O
VP NNP O
/ SYM O
CPM NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
experience NN O
supports VBZ O
the DT O
safety NN O
of IN O
giving VBG O
AraG NNP O
as IN O
salvage NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
synchrony NN O
with IN O
etoposide NN O
and CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
, , O
although IN O
neurological JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
must MD O
be VB O
closely RB O
monitored VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
combined VBN O
with IN O
whole JJ O
body NN O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
on IN O
tumor NN B-Disease
and CC O
normal JJ O
tissues NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thermal JJ O
enhancement NN O
of IN O
Adriamycin NNP O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
antitumor NN O
activity NN O
and CC O
normal JJ O
tissue NN O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
by IN O
whole JJ O
body NN O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
compared VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
F344 CD O
rat NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antitumor NN O
activity NN O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
tumor NN B-Disease
growth NN O
delay NN O
assay NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
normal JJ O
tissue NN O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
( : O
i LS O
. . O
e LS O
. . O
, , O
leukopenia NN B-Disease
and CC O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
) NFP O
and CC O
late JJ O
normal JJ O
tissue NN O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
( : O
i LS O
. . O
e LS O
. . O
, , O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
by IN O
functional JJ O
/ SYM O
physiological JJ O
assays NNS O
and CC O
by IN O
morphological JJ O
techniques NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whole JJ O
body NN O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
( : O
120 CD O
min NN O
at IN O
41 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
degrees NNS O
C NN O
) -RRB- O
enhanced VBN O
both CC O
Adriamycin NNP O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
antitumor JJ O
activity NN O
and CC O
toxic JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
thermal JJ O
enhancement NN O
ratio NN O
calculated VBN O
for IN O
antitumor NN O
activity NN O
was VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thermal JJ O
enhancement NN O
ratios NNS O
estimated VBN O
for IN O
"""" `` O
acute JJ O
"""" '' O
hematological JJ O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
, , O
whereas IN O
those DT O
estimated VBN O
for IN O
"""" `` O
late JJ O
"""" '' O
damage NN O
( , O
based VBN O
on IN O
morphological JJ O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
) -RRB- O
varied VBD O
between IN O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
and CC O
4 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
while IN O
whole JJ O
body NN O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
enhances VBZ O
Adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
antitumor NN O
effect NN O
, , O
normal JJ O
tissue NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
also RB O
increased VBN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
potential JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
gain NN O
of IN O
the DT O
combined VBN O
modality NN O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
eroded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Permeability NN O
, , O
ultrastructural JJ O
changes NNS O
, , O
and CC O
distribution NN O
of IN O
novel JJ O
proteins NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
glomerular JJ O
barrier NN O
in IN O
early JJ O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
/ SYM O
AIMS NNS O
: : O
It PRP O
is VBZ O
still RB O
unclear JJ O
what WP O
happens VBZ O
in IN O
the DT O
glomerulus NN O
when WRB O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
starts VBZ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
( , O
PAN NNP O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
studied VBD O
early JJ O
ultrastructural JJ O
and CC O
permeability NN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
relation NN O
to IN O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
the DT O
podocyte NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
molecules NNS O
nephrin NN O
, , O
a NN O
- HYPH O
actinin NN O
, , O
dendrin NN O
, , O
and CC O
plekhh2 NN O
, , O
the DT O
last JJ O
two CD O
of IN O
which WDT O
were VBD O
only RB O
recently RB O
discovered VBN O
in IN O
podocytes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Using VBG O
immune JJ O
stainings NNS O
, , O
semiquantitative JJ O
measurement NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
under IN O
the DT O
electron NN O
microscope NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Permeability NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
using VBG O
isolated VBN O
kidney NN O
perfusion NN O
with IN O
tracers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
ACE NNP O
inhibition NN O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
By IN O
day NN O
2 CD O
, , O
some DT O
patchy JJ O
foot NN O
process NN O
effacement NN O
, , O
but CC O
no DT O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
, , O
appeared VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
amount NN O
of IN O
nephrin NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
both CC O
diseased JJ O
and CC O
normal JJ O
areas NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
other JJ O
proteins NNS O
showed VBD O
few JJ O
changes NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
were VBD O
limited VBN O
to IN O
diseased JJ O
areas NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
day NN O
4 CD O
, , O
foot NN O
process NN O
effacement NN O
was VBD O
complete JJ O
and CC O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
appeared VBD O
in IN O
parallel NN O
with IN O
signs NNS O
of IN O
size NN O
barrier NN O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrin NNP O
decreased VBD O
further RB O
, , O
while IN O
dendrin NN O
and CC O
plekhh2 NN O
also RB O
decreased VBD O
but CC O
a DT O
- HYPH O
actinin NN O
remained VBD O
unchanged JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
ACE NN O
inhibition NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
protective JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
PAN NNP O
glomeruli NNP O
already RB O
showed VBD O
significant JJ O
pathology NN O
by IN O
day NN O
4 CD O
, , O
despite IN O
relatively RB O
mild JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
preceded VBN O
by IN O
altered VBN O
nephrin NN O
expression NN O
, , O
supporting VBG O
its PRP$ O
pivotal JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
podocyte NN O
morphology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
novel NN O
proteins NNS O
dendrin NN O
and CC O
plekhh2 NN O
were VBD O
both DT O
reduced VBN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
roles NNS O
in IN O
PAN NNP O
, , O
whereas IN O
a DT O
- HYPH O
actinin NN O
was VBD O
unchanged JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
novel JJ O
, , O
multiple JJ O
symptom NN O
model NN O
of IN O
obsessive JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
compulsive JJ I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
behaviors NNS I-Disease
in IN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Current JJ O
animal NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
obsessive JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
compulsive JJ I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
OCD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
typically RB O
involve VBP O
acute JJ O
, , O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
symptom NN O
provocation NN O
or CC O
a DT O
genetic JJ O
association NN O
with IN O
stereotypies NNS O
or CC O
anxiety NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
these DT O
current JJ O
models NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
multiple JJ O
OCD NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
behaviors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Neonatal JJ O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressant JJ O
clomipramine NN O
or CC O
vehicle NN O
between IN O
days NNS O
9 CD O
and CC O
16 CD O
twice RB O
daily RB O
and CC O
behaviorally RB O
tested VBN O
in IN O
adulthood NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Clomipramine NN O
exposure NN O
in IN O
immature JJ O
rats NNS O
produced VBD O
significant JJ O
behavioral JJ O
and CC O
biochemical JJ O
changes NNS O
that WDT O
include VBP O
enhanced VBN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
( , O
elevated VBN O
plus CC O
maze NN O
and CC O
marble NN O
burying NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
behavioral JJ B-Disease
inflexibility NN I-Disease
( , O
perseveration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
spontaneous JJ O
alternation NN O
task NN O
and CC O
impaired JJ O
reversal NN O
learning NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
working VBG O
memory NN B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
( , O
e LS O
. . O
g LS O
. . O
, , O
win NN O
- HYPH O
shift NN O
paradigm NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
hoarding NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
corticostriatal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dopamine NN O
D2 NN O
receptors NNS O
were VBD O
elevated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
serotonin NN O
2C NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
serotonin NN O
1A NN O
, , O
receptors NNS O
were VBD O
elevated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
orbital JJ O
frontal JJ O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
demonstration NN O
of IN O
multiple JJ O
symptoms NNS O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
an DT O
OCD NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
profile NN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
these DT O
behaviors NNS O
are VBP O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
biochemical JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
brain NN O
regions NNS O
previously RB O
identified VBN O
as IN O
relevant JJ O
to IN O
OCD NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
novel JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
OCD NNP B-Disease
demonstrates VBZ O
that IN O
drug NN O
exposure NN O
during IN O
a DT O
sensitive JJ O
period NN O
can MD O
program VB O
disease NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
systems NNS O
permanently RB O
, , O
which WDT O
could MD O
have VB O
implications NNS O
for IN O
current JJ O
and CC O
future JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
strategies NNS O
for IN O
this DT O
and CC O
other JJ O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Elevation NN O
of IN O
ADAM10 NNP O
, , O
ADAM17 NNP O
, , O
MMP NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
and CC O
MMP NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
expression NN O
with IN O
media NN O
degeneration NN O
features VBZ O
CaCl2 NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thoracic JJ B-Disease
aortic JJ I-Disease
aneurysm NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
establish VB O
a DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
of IN O
thoracic JJ B-Disease
aortic JJ I-Disease
aneurysm NN I-Disease
( , O
TAA NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
by IN O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
( , O
CaCl NNP O
( -LRB- O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
arterial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
and CC O
to TO O
explore VB O
the DT O
potential JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
a DT O
disintegrin NN O
and CC O
metalloproteinase NN O
( , O
ADAM NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
matrix NN O
metalloproteinases NNS O
( , O
MMPs NNPS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
endogenous JJ O
inhibitors NNS O
( -LRB- O
TIMPs NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
TAA NNP B-Disease
formation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Thoracic JJ O
aorta NN O
of IN O
male JJ O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
was VBD O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5M NN O
CaCl NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
( -LRB- O
NaCl NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
12weeks NNS O
, , O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
euthanized VBN O
, , O
and CC O
CaCl NNP O
( , O
2 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
, , O
CaCl NNP O
( , O
2 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
untreated JJ O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
12 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
NaCl NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
aortic JJ O
segments NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
12 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
collected VBN O
for IN O
histological JJ O
and CC O
molecular JJ O
assessments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MMP NNP O
- HYPH O
TIMP NNP O
and CC O
ADAM NNP O
mRNAs NNP O
were VBD O
semi RB O
- HYPH O
quantitatively RB O
analyzed VBN O
and CC O
protein NN O
expressions NNS O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
immunohistochemistry NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Despite IN O
similar JJ O
external JJ O
diameters NNS O
among IN O
CaCl NNP O
( , O
2 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
, , O
non NNP O
- HYPH O
CaCl NNP O
( HYPH O
2 CD O
) NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
and CC O
NaCl NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
segments NNS O
, , O
aneurymal NN O
alteration NN O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
6 CD O
, , O
50 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
media NN O
degeneration NN O
with IN O
regional JJ O
disruption NN O
, , O
fragmentation NN O
of IN O
elastic JJ O
fiber NN O
, , O
and CC O
increased VBN O
collagen NN O
deposition NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
12 CD O
, , O
100 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
demonstrated VBN O
in IN O
CaCl NNP O
( -LRB- O
2 CD O
) NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
segments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MMP NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
, , O
MMP NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
, , O
ADAM NNP O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
and CC O
ADAM NNP O
- HYPH O
17 CD O
mRNA NNP O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
increased VBN O
in IN O
CaCl NNP O
( HYPH O
2 CD O
) NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
segments NNS O
( , O
all DT O
p NN O
< $ O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
trends NNS O
of IN O
elevation NN O
in IN O
CaCl NNP O
( HYPH O
2 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
untreated JJ O
segments NNS O
, , O
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
NaCl NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
segments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunohistochemistry NNP O
displayed VBD O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
expressions NNS O
of IN O
MMP NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
, , O
MMP NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
, , O
ADAM NNP O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
and CC O
ADAM NNP O
- HYPH O
17 CD O
( , O
all DT O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
intima NN O
and CC O
media NNS O
for IN O
CaCl NNP O
( : O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
segments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TIMP NNP O
mRNA NNP O
and CC O
tissue NN O
levels NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
obviously RB O
among IN O
the DT O
three CD O
aortic JJ O
segments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
establishes VBZ O
a DT O
TAA NNP B-Disease
model NN O
by IN O
periarterial JJ O
CaCl NN O
( -LRB- O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
exposure NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
and CC O
demonstrates VBZ O
a DT O
significant JJ O
elevation NN O
of IN O
expression NN O
of IN O
MMP NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
, , O
MMP NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
, , O
ADAM10 NN O
and CC O
ADAM17 NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
vascular JJ O
remodeling NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Suxamethonium NNP O
induced VBD O
prolonged VBN O
apnea NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
receiving VBG O
electroconvulsive JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Suxamethonium NN O
causes VBZ O
prolonged VBN O
apnea NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
whom WP O
pseudocholinesterase NN O
enzyme NN O
gets VBZ O
deactivated VBN O
by IN O
organophosphorus NN O
( : O
OP NN O
) -RRB- O
poisons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
, , O
we PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
similar JJ O
incident NN O
in IN O
a DT O
severely RB O
depressed VBN B-Disease
patient NN O
who WP O
received VBD O
electroconvulsive JJ O
therapy NN O
( , O
ECT NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolonged JJ O
apnea NN B-Disease
in IN O
our PRP$ O
case NN O
ensued VBD O
because IN O
the DT O
information NN O
about IN O
suicidal JJ O
attempt NN O
by IN O
OP NNP O
compound NN O
was VBD O
concealed VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
treating NN O
team NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Curcumin NN O
ameliorates VBZ O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
and CC O
oxidative JJ O
damage NN O
in IN O
phenobarbitone NN O
and CC O
carbamazepine NN O
administered VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
antiepileptic JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
phenobarbitone NN O
and CC O
carbamazepine NN O
are VBP O
well RB O
known VBN O
to TO O
cause VB O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
on IN O
chronic JJ O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
free JJ O
radical JJ O
generation NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
as IN O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
important JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
by IN O
antiepileptic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Curcumin NNP O
has VBZ O
shown VBN O
antioxidant JJ O
, , O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
and CC O
neuro NN O
- HYPH O
protective JJ O
properties NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
carried VBN O
out RP O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
curcumin NN O
administration NN O
on IN O
phenobarbitone NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
carbamazepine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
and CC O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pharmacokinetic JJ O
interactions NNS O
of IN O
curcumin NN O
with IN O
phenobarbitone NN O
and CC O
carbamazepine NN O
were VBD O
also RB O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vehicle NN O
/ SYM O
drugs NNS O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
daily RB O
for IN O
21days NNS O
to IN O
male JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
paradigm NN O
and CC O
elevated JJ O
plus CC O
maze NN O
test NN O
were VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
assess VB O
cognitive JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
study NN O
period NN O
, , O
serum NN O
phenobarbitone NN O
and CC O
carbamazepine NN O
, , O
whole JJ O
brain NN O
malondialdehyde NN O
and CC O
reduced VBN O
glutathione NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
estimated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
phenobarbitone NN O
and CC O
carbamazepine NN O
for IN O
21days NNS O
caused VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
impairment NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
learning NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Concomitant JJ O
curcumin NN O
administration NN O
prevented VBD O
the DT O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
and CC O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
increased VBN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
these DT O
antiepileptic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Curcumin NN O
co NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
cause VB O
any DT O
significant JJ O
alteration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
serum JJ O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
both DT O
phenobarbitone NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
carbamazepine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
curcumin NN O
has VBZ O
beneficial JJ O
effect NN O
in IN O
mitigating VBG O
the DT O
deterioration NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
cognitive JJ I-Disease
functions NNS I-Disease
and CC O
oxidative JJ O
damage NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
phenobarbitone NN O
and CC O
carbamazepine NN O
without IN O
significantly RB O
altering VBG O
their PRP$ O
serum JJ O
concentrations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
curcumin NN O
can MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
potential JJ O
safe JJ O
and CC O
effective JJ O
adjuvant NN O
to IN O
phenobarbitone NN O
and CC O
carbamazepine NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Can MD O
angiogenesis NN O
be VB O
a DT O
target NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
ribavirin NN O
associated VBN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
? . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
/ SYM O
AIMS NNS O
: : O
Recently RB O
ribavirin NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
found VBN O
to TO O
inhibit VB O
angiogenesis NN O
and CC O
a DT O
number NN O
of IN O
angiogenesis JJ O
inhibitors NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
sunitinib NN O
and CC O
sorafenib NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
found VBN O
to TO O
cause VB O
acute JJ O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
aimed VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
whether IN O
there EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
relation NN O
between IN O
hemoglobin NN O
, , O
haptoglobin NN O
and CC O
angiogenesis NN O
soluble JJ O
markers NNS O
which WDT O
are VBP O
modifiable JJ O
and CC O
can MD O
help VB O
in IN O
developing VBG O
strategies NNS O
against IN O
anemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Fourteen CD O
patients NNS O
chronically RB B-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
with IN I-Disease
hepatitis NNP I-Disease
C NNP I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
were VBD O
treated VBN O
by IN O
pegylated JJ O
interferon NN O
alpha NN O
2a NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
hemoglobin NN O
, , O
haptoglobin NN O
and CC O
angiogenesis NN O
markers NNS O
of IN O
vascular JJ O
endothelial JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
and CC O
angiopoetin NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
observed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
haptoglobin NN O
levels NNS O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemoglobin NN O
levels NNS O
also RB O
decreased VBD O
but CC O
insignificantly RB O
by IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
with IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
, , O
serum JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
angiogenesis NN O
factors NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
significantly RB O
by IN O
pegylated JJ O
interferon NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
found VBD O
no DT O
correlation NN O
of IN O
angiogenesis NN O
soluble JJ O
markers NNS O
with IN O
either CC O
hemoglobin NN O
or CC O
haptoglobin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
study NN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
investigating VBG O
a DT O
link NN O
between IN O
angiogenesis NN O
soluble JJ O
markers NNS O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
hepatitis NNP B-Disease
C NNP I-Disease
and CC O
we PRP O
could MD O
not RB O
find VB O
any DT O
relation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Future JJ O
research NN O
with IN O
larger JJR O
number NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
is VBZ O
needed VBN O
to TO O
find VB O
out RP O
modifiable JJ O
factors NNS O
that WDT O
will MD O
improve VB O
the DT O
safety NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reduction NN O
in IN O
injection NN O
pain NN B-Disease
using VBG O
buffered VBN O
lidocaine NN O
as IN O
a DT O
local JJ O
anesthetic NN O
before IN O
cardiac JJ O
catheterization NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
reports NNS O
have VBP O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
pain NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
is VBZ O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
acidic JJ O
pH NN O
of IN O
the DT O
solution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
determine VB O
if IN O
the DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
a DT O
buffering VBG O
solution NN O
to TO O
adjust VB O
the DT O
pH NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
into IN O
the DT O
physiologic JJ O
range NN O
would MD O
reduce VB O
pain NN B-Disease
during IN O
injection NN O
, , O
we PRP O
performed VBD O
a DT O
blinded VBN O
randomized JJ O
study NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
cardiac JJ O
catheterization NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
asked VBN O
to TO O
quantify VB O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
after IN O
receiving VBG O
standard JJ O
lidocaine NN O
in IN O
one CD O
femoral JJ O
area NN O
and CC O
buffered VBD O
lidocaine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
opposite JJ O
femoral JJ O
area NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
score NN O
for IN O
buffered VBN O
lidocaine NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
the DT O
mean JJ O
score NN O
for IN O
standard JJ O
lidocaine NN O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
, , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pH NN O
adjustment NN O
of IN O
standard JJ O
lidocaine NN O
can MD O
be VB O
accomplished VBN O
easily RB O
in IN O
the DT O
catheterization NN O
laboratory NN O
before IN O
injection NN O
and CC O
results VBZ O
in IN O
a DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pain NN B-Disease
occurring VBG O
during IN O
the DT O
infiltration NN O
of IN O
tissues NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
glyceryl NN O
- HYPH O
phosphorylcholine NN O
on IN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
carried VBN O
out RP O
to TO O
test VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
glycerylphosphorylcholine NN O
( -LRB- O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
GFC NNP O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
memory NN B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
in IN O
man NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
two CD O
healthy JJ O
young JJ O
volunteers NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
allocated VBN O
to IN O
four CD O
different JJ O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
were VBD O
given VBN O
a DT O
ten CD O
day NN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
either CC O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
GFC NNP O
or CC O
placebo NN O
, , O
p NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
, , O
and CC O
on IN O
the DT O
eleventh JJ O
day NN O
either CC O
scopolamine NN O
or CC O
placebo NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Before IN O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
, , O
and CC O
6 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
injection NN O
the DT O
subjects NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
attention NN O
and CC O
mnemonic JJ O
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
findings NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
is VBZ O
able JJ O
to TO O
antagonize VB O
impairment NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
attention NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Safety NN O
of IN O
capecitabine NN O
: : O
a DT O
review NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
IMPORTANCE NN O
OF IN O
THE DT O
FIELD NN O
: : O
Fluoropyrimidines NNS O
, , O
in IN O
particular JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
( HYPH O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
have VBP O
been VBN O
the DT O
mainstay NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
several JJ O
solid JJ O
tumors NNS B-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
colorectal JJ B-Disease
, , I-Disease
breast NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
head NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
neck NN I-Disease
cancers NNS I-Disease
, , O
for IN O
> SYM O
40 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AREAS NNS O
COVERED VBN O
IN IN O
THIS DT O
REVIEW NN O
: : O
This DT O
article NN O
reviews VBZ O
the DT O
pharmacology NN O
and CC O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
capecitabine NN O
with IN O
a DT O
special JJ O
emphasis NN O
on IN O
its PRP$ O
safety NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
WHAT WP O
THE DT O
READER NN O
WILL MD O
GAIN VB O
: : O
The DT O
reader NN O
will MD O
gain VB O
better JJR O
insight NN O
into IN O
the DT O
safety NN O
of IN O
capecitabine NN O
in IN O
special JJ O
populations NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
age NN O
, , O
renal JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
also RB O
explore VBP O
different JJ O
dosing NN O
and CC O
schedules NNS O
of IN O
capecitabine NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TAKE VB O
HOME NNP O
MESSAGE NN O
: : O
Capecitabine NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
oral JJ O
prodrug NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
developed VBN O
to TO O
fulfill VB O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
a DT O
more RBR O
convenient JJ O
therapy NN O
and CC O
provide VB O
an DT O
improved JJ O
safety NN O
/ SYM O
efficacy NN O
profile NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
shown VBN O
promising JJ O
results NNS O
alone RB O
or CC O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
other JJ O
chemotherapeutic JJ O
agents NNS O
in IN O
colorectal JJ B-Disease
, , I-Disease
breast NN I-Disease
, , I-Disease
pancreaticobiliary NN I-Disease
, , I-Disease
gastric JJ I-Disease
, , I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
head NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
neck NN I-Disease
cancers NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
commonly RB O
reported VBN O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
capecitabine NN O
are VBP O
diarrhea NN B-Disease
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
vomiting NN B-Disease
, , O
stomatitis NN B-Disease
and CC O
hand NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
foot NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Capecitabine NN O
has VBZ O
a DT O
well RB O
- HYPH O
established VBN O
safety NN O
profile NN O
and CC O
can MD O
be VB O
given VBN O
safely RB O
to IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
age NN O
, , O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
dysfunctions NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Levodopa NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
: : O
filling VBG O
the DT O
bench NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
bedside NN O
gap NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Levodopa NNP O
is VBZ O
the DT O
most RBS O
effective JJ O
drug NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
of IN O
this DT O
dopamine NN O
precursor NN O
is VBZ O
complicated VBN O
by IN O
highly RB O
disabling VBG O
fluctuations NNS O
and CC O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
preclinical JJ O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
pulsatile JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
striatal JJ O
postsynaptic JJ O
receptors NNS O
as IN O
a DT O
key JJ O
mechanism NN O
underlying VBG O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
, , O
their PRP$ O
pathogenesis NN O
is VBZ O
still RB O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
recent JJ O
years NNS O
, , O
evidence NN O
from IN O
animal NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
provided VBN O
important JJ O
information NN O
to TO O
understand VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
specific JJ O
receptor NN O
and CC O
post NN O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
molecular JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
underlying VBG O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
dyskinetic JJ B-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recent JJ O
preclinical JJ O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
data NNS O
from IN O
promising JJ O
lines NNS O
of IN O
research NN O
focus VBP O
on IN O
the DT O
differential JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
presynaptic JJ O
versus IN O
postsynaptic JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
, , O
dopamine NN O
receptor NN O
subtypes NNS O
, , O
ionotropic JJ O
and CC O
metabotropic JJ O
glutamate NN O
receptors NNS O
, , O
and CC O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurotransmitter NN O
systems NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
pathophysiology NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
pallidal JJ O
neurotensin NN O
on IN O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
catalepsy NN I-Disease
: : O
behavioral JJ O
and CC O
electrophysiological JJ O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
globus NN O
pallidus NN O
plays VBZ O
a DT O
critical JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
movement NN O
regulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
indicated VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
globus NN O
pallidus NN O
receives VBZ O
neurotensinergic JJ O
innervation NN O
from IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
, , O
and CC O
systemic JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
a DT O
neurotensin JJ O
analog NN O
could MD O
produce VB O
antiparkinsonian JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
aimed VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
pallidal JJ O
neurotensin NN O
on IN O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
parkinsonian JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Behavioral JJ O
experiments NNS O
and CC O
electrophysiological JJ O
recordings NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Bilateral JJ O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
neurotensin NN O
into IN O
the DT O
globus NN O
pallidus NN O
reversed VBD O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
catalepsy NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electrophysiological JJ O
recordings NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
microinjection NN O
of IN O
neurotensin NN O
induced VBN O
excitation NN O
of IN O
pallidal JJ O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
systemic JJ O
haloperidol NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
neurotensin JJ O
type NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
SR48692 NN O
blocked VBD O
both CC O
the DT O
behavioral JJ O
and CC O
the DT O
electrophysiological JJ O
effects NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
neurotensin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Activation NN O
of IN O
pallidal JJ O
neurotensin NN O
receptors NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
neurotensin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
antiparkinsonian JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carmofur NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
organic JJ B-Disease
mental JJ I-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Organic JJ B-Disease
mental JJ I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
29 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
female NN O
in IN O
the DT O
prognostic JJ O
period NN O
after IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
carmofur NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
leukoencephalopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Symptoms NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
euphoria NN O
, , O
emotional JJ O
lability NN O
and CC O
puerile JJ O
attitude NN O
noted VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
were VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
as IN O
organic JJ B-Disease
personality NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
criteria NNS O
defined VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
DSM NNP O
- HYPH O
III NNP O
- HYPH O
R NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
referred VBN O
to IN O
as IN O
a DT O
frontal JJ B-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Brain NNP O
CT NNP O
revealed VBD O
a DT O
periventricular JJ O
low JJ O
density NN O
area NN O
in IN O
the DT O
frontal JJ O
white JJ O
matter NN O
and CC O
moderate JJ O
dilatation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
lateral JJ O
ventricles NNS O
especially RB O
at IN O
the DT O
bilateral JJ O
anterior JJ O
horns NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Consequently RB O
, , O
carmofur NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
leukoencephalopathy NN B-Disease
may MD O
uncommonly RB O
result VB O
in IN O
organic JJ B-Disease
personality NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
residual JJ O
state NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
may MD O
be VB O
attributed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
structural JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
to IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
frontal JJ I-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Butyrylcholinesterase NNP O
gene NN O
mutations NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
prolonged VBN O
apnea NN B-Disease
after IN O
succinylcholine NN O
for IN O
electroconvulsive JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
electroconvulsive JJ O
therapy NN O
( : O
ECT NNP O
) -RRB- O
often RB O
receive VBP O
succinylcholine NN O
as IN O
part NN O
of IN O
the DT O
anesthetic JJ O
procedure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
may MD O
be VB O
prolonged VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
genetic JJ O
variants NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
butyrylcholinesterase NN O
enzyme NN O
( , O
BChE NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
being VBG O
the DT O
K NNP O
- HYPH O
and CC O
the DT O
A NNP O
- HYPH O
variants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
significance NN O
of IN O
genetic JJ O
variants NNS O
in IN O
butyrylcholinesterase NN O
gene NN O
( -LRB- O
BCHE NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
suspected VBN O
prolonged JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
of IN O
succinylcholine NN O
after IN O
ECT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
13 CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
referred VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
Danish NNP O
Cholinesterase NNP O
Research NNP O
Unit NNP O
after IN O
ECT NNP O
during IN O
38 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
determined VBD O
the DT O
BChE NNP O
activity NN O
and CC O
the DT O
BCHE NNP O
genotype NN O
using VBG O
molecular JJ O
genetic JJ O
methods NNS O
, , O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
apnea NN B-Disease
, , O
time NN O
to IN O
sufficient JJ O
spontaneous JJ O
ventilation NN O
and CC O
whether IN O
neuromuscular JJ O
monitoring NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
apnea NN B-Disease
was VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
published VBN O
data NNS O
on IN O
normal JJ O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
in IN O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
mutations NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
BCHE NNP O
gene NN O
, , O
the DT O
K NNP O
- HYPH O
variant NN O
being VBG O
the DT O
most RBS O
frequent JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
apnea NN B-Disease
was VBD O
5 CD O
- SYM O
15 CD O
min NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
3 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
min NN O
from IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
distress NN O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
recovery NN O
phase NN O
in IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuromuscular JJ O
monitoring NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
eleven CD O
of IN O
13 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
prolonged VBN O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
of IN O
succinylcholine NN O
had VBD O
mutations NNS O
in IN O
BCHE NNP O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
possible JJ O
reason NN O
for IN O
a DT O
prolonged JJ O
period NN O
of IN O
apnea NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
recommend VBP O
objective JJ O
neuromuscular JJ O
monitoring NN O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
ECT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Perhexiline NN O
maleate NN O
and CC O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
noted VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
complication NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
perhexiline NN O
maleate NN O
, , O
a DT O
drug NN O
widely RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
France NNP O
( , O
and CC O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
trials NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
United NNP O
States NNP O
) , O
for IN O
the DT O
prophylactic JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
angina NN B-Disease
pectoris NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
24 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
this DT O
complication NN O
, , O
the DT O
marked JJ O
slowing NN O
of IN O
motor NN O
nerve NN O
conduction NN O
velocity NN O
and CC O
the DT O
electromyographic JJ O
changes NNS O
imply VBP O
mainly RB O
a DT O
demyelinating VBG B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Improvement NN O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
with IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
cases NNS O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
active JJ O
denervation NN O
signified VBD O
a DT O
poor JJ O
prognosis NN O
, , O
with IN O
only RB O
slight JJ O
improvement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
underlying VBG O
mechanism NN O
causing VBG O
the DT O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
yet RB O
fully RB O
known VBN O
, , O
although IN O
some DT O
evidence NN O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
it PRP O
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
lipid JJ O
storage NN O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
phase NN O
I NN O
study NN O
of IN O
4 CD O
' '' O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
tetrahydropyranyladriamycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
pharmacology NN O
and CC O
pharmacokinetics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
Phase NNP O
I NNP O
study NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
( -LRB- O
IV NN O
) -RRB- O
bolus NN O
4 CD O
' '' O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
tetrahydropyranyladriamycin NN O
( , O
Pirarubicin NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
done VBN O
in IN O
55 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
good JJ O
performance NN O
status NN O
with IN O
refractory JJ O
tumors NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
had VBD O
minimal JJ O
prior JJ O
therapy NN O
( , O
good JJ O
risk NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
23 CD O
had VBD O
extensive JJ O
prior JJ O
therapy NN O
( : O
poor JJ O
risk NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
six CD O
had VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
/ SYM I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
167 CD O
courses NNS O
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
15 CD O
to TO O
70 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
were VBD O
evaluable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Maximum JJ O
tolerated JJ O
dose NN O
in IN O
good JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
patients NNS O
was VBD O
70 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
poor JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
patients NNS O
, , O
60 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
toxic JJ O
effect NN O
was VBD O
transient JJ O
noncumulative JJ O
granulocytopenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Granulocyte NNP O
nadir NN O
was VBD O
on IN O
day NN O
14 CD O
( HYPH O
range NN O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
22 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Less RBR O
frequent JJ O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
included VBD O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
, , O
anemia NN B-Disease
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
mild JJ O
alopecia NN B-Disease
, , O
phlebitis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
mucositis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myelosuppression NN B-Disease
was VBD O
more JJR O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pharmacokinetic JJ O
analyses NNS O
in IN O
21 CD O
patients NNS O
revealed VBD O
Pirarubicin NN O
plasma NN O
T NN O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
alpha NN O
( SYM O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SE NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
85 CD O
minutes NNS O
, , O
T NN O
beta NN O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
of IN O
25 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
6 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
minutes NNS O
, , O
and CC O
T NN O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
gamma NN O
of IN O
23 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
7 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
area NN O
under IN O
the DT O
curve NN O
was VBD O
537 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
149 CD O
ng CD O
/ SYM O
ml CD O
x NN O
hours NNS O
, , O
volume NN O
of IN O
distribution NN O
( , O
Vd NNP O
) SYM O
3504 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
644 CD O
l SYM O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
, , O
and CC O
total JJ O
clearance NN O
( -LRB- O
ClT NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
204 CD O
+ SYM O
39 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
l NN O
/ SYM O
hour NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adriamycinol NNP O
, , O
doxorubicin NN O
, , O
adriamycinone NN O
, , O
and CC O
tetrahydropyranyladriamycinol NN O
were VBD O
the DT O
metabolites NNS O
detected VBN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
and CC O
the DT O
amount NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
was VBD O
less JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
10 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
metabolites NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urinary JJ O
excretion NN O
of IN O
Pirarubicin NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
24 CD O
hours NNS O
was VBD O
less JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
10 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Activity NN O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
mesothelioma NN B-Disease
, , O
leiomyosarcoma NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
basal JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
recommended VBN O
starting VBG O
dose NN O
for IN O
Phase NNP O
II NNP O
trials NNS O
is VBZ O
60 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 NN O
IV NN O
bolus NN O
every DT O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ocular JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
auditory JJ I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
in IN O
hemodialyzed VBN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
desferrioxamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
an DT O
18 CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
period NN O
of IN O
study NN O
41 CD O
hemodialyzed VBN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
desferrioxamine NN O
( SYM O
10 CD O
- SYM O
40 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
BW NN O
/ SYM O
3 CD O
times NNS O
weekly RB O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
time NN O
were VBD O
monitored VBN O
for IN O
detection NN O
of IN O
audiovisual JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
6 CD O
patients NNS O
presented VBD O
clinical JJ O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
visual JJ B-Disease
or CC I-Disease
auditory JJ I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
detailed JJ O
ophthalmologic JJ O
and CC O
audiologic JJ O
studies NNS O
disclosed VBD O
abnormalities NNS O
in IN O
7 CD O
more JJR O
asymptomatic JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Visual JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
was VBD O
of IN O
retinal JJ O
origin NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
tritan NN O
- HYPH O
type NN O
dyschromatopsy NN B-Disease
, , O
sometimes RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
visual JJ I-Disease
acuity NN I-Disease
and CC O
pigmentary JJ B-Disease
retinal JJ I-Disease
deposits NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Auditory JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
was VBD O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
mid NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
frequency NN O
neurosensorial JJ B-Disease
hearing NN I-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
lesion NN O
was VBD O
of IN O
the DT O
cochlear JJ O
type NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Desferrioxamine NN O
withdrawal NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
complete JJ O
recovery NN O
of IN O
visual JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
1 CD O
patient NN O
and CC O
partial JJ O
recovery NN O
in IN O
3 CD O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
complete JJ O
reversal NN O
of IN O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
in IN O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
and CC O
partial JJ O
recovery NN O
in IN O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
toxicity NN B-Disease
appeared VBD O
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
the DT O
higher JJR O
doses NNS O
of IN O
desferrioxamine NN O
or CC O
coincided VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
normalization NN O
of IN O
ferritin NN O
or CC O
aluminium NN O
serum NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
audiovisual JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
an DT O
infrequent JJ O
complication NN O
in IN O
hemodialyzed VBN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
desferrioxamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Periodical JJ O
audiovisual JJ O
monitoring NN O
should MD O
be VB O
performed VBN O
on IN O
hemodialyzed VBN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
the DT O
drug NN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
detect VB O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
as RB O
early RB O
as IN O
possible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serial JJ O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
levodopa NN O
/ SYM O
carbidopa NN O
administration NN O
in IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
on IN O
hemodialysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
similar JJ O
clinical JJ O
features NNS O
are VBP O
presented VBN O
: : O
both DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
on IN O
hemodialysis NN O
for IN O
many JJ O
years NNS O
but CC O
recently RB O
begun VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
flux NN O
dialyzer NN O
; : O
both DT O
had VBD O
been VBN O
receiving VBG O
a DT O
carbidopa NN O
/ SYM O
levodopa NN O
preparation NN O
; : O
and CC O
both DT O
had VBD O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
hallucinosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
recurrent JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
were VBD O
refractory JJ O
to IN O
anticonvulsants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
first JJ O
patient NN O
died VBD O
without IN O
a DT O
diagnosis NN O
; : O
the DT O
second JJ O
patient NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
dramatic JJ O
recovery NN O
following VBG O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
B6 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neither DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
considered VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
renal JJ O
state NN O
sufficiently RB O
severe JJ O
enough RB O
to TO O
explain VB O
their PRP$ O
presentation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
trial NN O
of IN O
mazindol NN O
in IN O
Duchenne NNP B-Disease
dystrophy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
evidence NN O
that IN O
growth NN O
hormone NN O
may MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
progression NN O
of IN O
weakness NN B-Disease
in IN O
Duchenne NNP B-Disease
dystrophy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conducted VBD O
a DT O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
of IN O
mazindol NN O
, , O
a DT O
putative JJ O
growth NN O
hormone NN O
secretion NN O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
in IN O
83 CD O
boys NNS O
with IN O
Duchenne NNP B-Disease
dystrophy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Muscle NN O
strength NN O
, , O
contractures NNS O
, , O
functional JJ O
ability NN O
and CC O
pulmonary JJ O
function NN O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
, , O
and CC O
6 CD O
and CC O
12 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
mazindol NN O
( , O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
d CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
power NN O
of IN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
90 CD O
to TO O
detect VB O
a DT O
slowing NN O
to IN O
25 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
expected VBN O
rate NN O
of IN O
progression NN O
of IN O
weakness NN B-Disease
at IN O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mazindol NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
benefit VB O
strength NN O
at IN O
any DT O
point NN O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Side JJ O
effects NNS O
attributable JJ O
to IN O
mazindol NN O
included VBD O
decreased VBN B-Disease
appetite NN I-Disease
( : O
36 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
dry JJ B-Disease
mouth NN I-Disease
( , O
10 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
behavioral JJ O
change NN O
( , O
22 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
( : O
18 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
; , O
mazindol NN O
dosage NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
43 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
mazindol NN O
on IN O
GH NNP O
secretion NN O
was VBD O
estimated VBN O
indirectly RB O
by IN O
comparing VBG O
the DT O
postabsorptive JJ O
IGF NNP O
- HYPH O
I NNP O
levels NNS O
obtained VBD O
following VBG O
3 CD O
, , O
6 CD O
, , O
9 CD O
, , O
and CC O
12 CD O
months NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
mazindol NN O
treated VBN O
to IN O
those DT O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
mazindol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
gained VBD O
less JJR O
weight NN O
and CC O
height NN O
than IN O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
, , O
no DT O
significant JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
IGF NNP O
- HYPH O
I NNP O
levels NNS O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mazindol NNP O
doses VBZ O
not RB O
slow VB O
the DT O
progression NN O
of IN O
weakness NN B-Disease
in IN O
Duchenne NNP B-Disease
dystrophy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Facilitation NN O
of IN O
memory NN O
retrieval NN O
by IN O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
test NN O
morphine NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
state NN O
dependency NN O
in IN O
the DT O
step NN O
- HYPH O
through RP O
type NN O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
learning NN O
test NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amnesia NNP B-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
and CC O
cycloheximide NN O
were VBD O
reversed VBN O
by IN O
morphine NN O
given VBN O
30 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
the DT O
test NN O
trial NN O
( , O
pre IN O
- HYPH O
test NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
test NN O
morphine NN O
also RB O
facilitated VBD O
the DT O
memory NN O
retrieval NN O
in IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
administered VBN O
naloxone NN O
during IN O
the DT O
training NN O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similarly RB O
, , O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
test NN O
scopolamine NN O
partially RB O
reversed VBD O
the DT O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
significantly RB O
; : O
and CC O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
test NN O
cycloheximide NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
reverse VB O
the DT O
cycloheximide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
facilitation NN O
of IN O
memory NN O
retrieval NN O
by IN O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
test NN O
morphine NN O
might MD O
be VB O
the DT O
direct JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
rather RB O
than IN O
a DT O
state NN O
dependent JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Naloxone NNP O
reverses VBZ O
the DT O
antihypertensive JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
unanesthetized JJ O
, , O
spontaneously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
the DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
produced VBN O
by IN O
intravenous JJ O
clonidine NN O
, , O
5 CD O
to TO O
20 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
inhibited VBN O
or CC O
reversed VBN O
by IN O
nalozone NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
to TO O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
100 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyldopa NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
partially RB O
reversed VBN O
by IN O
naloxone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Naloxone NNP O
alone RB O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
either CC O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
or CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
brain NN O
membranes NNS O
from IN O
spontaneously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
clonidine NN O
, , O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
8 CD O
) CD O
to TO O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
) SYM O
M NN O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
influence VB O
stereoselective JJ O
binding NN O
of IN O
[ -LRB- O
3H NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
naloxone NN O
( , O
8 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
naloxone NN O
, , O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
8 CD O
) CD O
to IN O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
) SYM O
M NN O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
influence VB O
clonidine NN O
- HYPH O
suppressible JJ O
binding NN O
of IN O
[ -LRB- O
3H CD O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
dihydroergocryptine NN O
( : O
1 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
in IN O
spontaneously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
central JJ O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
stimulation NN O
involve VBP O
activation NN O
of IN O
opiate NN O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
naloxone NN O
and CC O
clonidine NN O
do VBP O
not RB O
appear VB O
to TO O
interact VB O
with IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
receptor NN O
site NN O
, , O
the DT O
observed JJ O
functional JJ O
antagonism NN O
suggests VBZ O
the DT O
release NN O
of IN O
an DT O
endogenous JJ O
opiate NN O
by IN O
clonidine NN O
or CC O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyldopa NN O
and CC O
the DT O
possible JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
the DT O
opiate NN O
in IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
control NN O
of IN O
sympathetic JJ O
tone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
halogenated VBN O
hydroxyquinolines NNS O
: : O
clinical JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
cases NNS O
reported VBN O
outside IN O
Japan NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
analysis NN O
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
of IN O
220 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
possible JJ O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
reactions NNS O
to IN O
halogenated VBN O
hydroxyquinolines NNS O
reported VBN O
from IN O
outside IN O
Japan NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
80 CD O
cases NNS O
insufficient JJ O
information NN O
was VBD O
available JJ O
for IN O
adequate JJ O
comment NN O
and CC O
in IN O
29 CD O
a DT O
relationship NN O
to IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
clioquinol NN O
could MD O
be VB O
excluded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
remainder NN O
, , O
a DT O
relationship NN O
to IN O
clioquinol NN O
was VBD O
considered VBN O
probable JJ O
in IN O
42 CD O
and CC O
possible JJ O
in IN O
69 CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
six CD O
of IN O
the DT O
probable JJ O
cases NNS O
the DT O
neurological JJ B-Disease
disturbance NN I-Disease
consisted VBD O
of IN O
an DT O
acute JJ O
reversible JJ O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
usually RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
ingestion NN O
of IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
clioquinol NN O
over IN O
a DT O
short JJ O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
manifestation NN O
, , O
observed VBN O
in IN O
15 CD O
further JJ O
cases NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
isolated VBN O
optic JJ B-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
most RBS O
frequently RB O
found VBN O
in IN O
children NNS O
, , O
many DT O
of IN O
whom WP O
had VBD O
received VBN O
clioquinol NN O
as IN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
acrodermatitis NN B-Disease
enteropathica NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
cases NNS O
, , O
a DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
myelopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
visual JJ B-Disease
disturbance NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
was VBD O
the DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
manifestation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Isolated JJ O
myelopathy NN B-Disease
or CC O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
, , O
or CC O
these DT O
manifestations NNS O
occurring VBG O
together RB O
, , O
were VBD O
infrequent JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
all DT O
manifestations NNS O
( , O
except IN O
toxic JJ O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
usually RB O
subacute JJ O
, , O
with IN O
subsequent JJ O
partial JJ O
recovery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Older JJR O
subjects NNS O
tended VBD O
to TO O
display VB O
more JJR O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
full JJ O
syndrome NN O
of IN O
subacute JJ O
myelo NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
optic JJ I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
was VBD O
more RBR O
frequent JJ O
in IN O
women NNS O
, , O
but CC O
they PRP O
tended VBD O
to TO O
have VB O
taken VBN O
greater JJR O
quantities NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prazosin NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
stress NN B-Disease
incontinence NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
genuine JJ O
stress NN B-Disease
incontinence NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
prazosin NN O
, , O
a DT O
common JJ O
antihypertensive JJ O
drug NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prazosin NNP O
exerts VBZ O
its PRP$ O
antihypertensive JJ O
effects NNS O
through IN O
vasodilatation NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
selective JJ O
blockade NN O
of IN O
postsynaptic JJ O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
adrenergic JJ O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
an DT O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
blocker NN O
, , O
it PRP O
also RB O
exerts VBZ O
a DT O
significant JJ O
relaxant JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
neck NN O
and CC O
urethra NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NN O
clinical JJ O
course NN O
is VBZ O
described VBN O
and CC O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
initial JJ O
urodynamic JJ O
studies NNS O
while IN O
on IN O
prazosin NN O
and CC O
subsequent JJ O
studies NNS O
while IN O
taking VBG O
verapamil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
incontinence NN B-Disease
resolved VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
change NN O
of IN O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
restoration NN O
of IN O
continence NN O
was VBD O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
substantial JJ O
rise NN O
in IN O
maximum JJ O
urethral JJ O
pressure NN O
, , O
maximum JJ O
urethral JJ O
closure NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
and CC O
functional JJ O
urethral JJ O
length NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
who WP O
present VBP O
with IN O
stress NN B-Disease
incontinence NN I-Disease
while IN O
taking VBG O
prazosin NN O
should MD O
change VB O
their PRP$ O
antihypertensive JJ O
medication NN O
before IN O
considering VBG O
surgery NN O
, , O
because IN O
their PRP$ O
incontinence NN B-Disease
may MD O
resolve VB O
spontaneously RB O
with IN O
a DT O
change NN O
in IN O
drug NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
following VBG O
sublingual JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
isosorbide NN O
dinitrate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
78 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
with IN O
healed VBN O
septal JJ O
necrosis NN B-Disease
suffered VBD O
a DT O
recurrent JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
anterior JJ O
wall NN O
following VBG O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
isosorbide NN O
dinitrate NN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
sublingually RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
detailing VBG O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
events NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
discuss VBP O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
paradoxical JJ O
coronary JJ O
spasm NN B-Disease
and CC O
hypotension NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
occurring VBG O
downstream RB O
to IN O
significant JJ O
coronary JJ B-Disease
arterial JJ I-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
pathophysiology NN O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
coronary JJ I-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
the DT O
respiratory JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
i PRP O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
and CC O
regional JJ O
analgesia NN O
by IN O
extradural JJ O
block NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ O
respiratory JJ O
apnoea NN B-Disease
was VBD O
compared VBN O
between IN O
five CD O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
a DT O
continuous JJ O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
infusion NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
73 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
five CD O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
a DT O
continuous JJ O
extradural JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
% NN O
bupivacaine NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
192 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
period NN O
following VBG O
upper JJ O
abdominal JJ O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Monitoring NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
airflow NN O
detection NN O
by IN O
a DT O
carbon NN O
dioxide NN O
analyser NN O
, , O
chest NN O
wall NN O
movement NN O
detected VBN O
by IN O
pneumatic JJ O
capsules NNS O
, , O
and CC O
continuous JJ O
electrocardiograph NN O
recorded VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
Holter NNP O
ambulatory JJ O
monitor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
obstructive JJ B-Disease
( , I-Disease
P NN I-Disease
less JJR I-Disease
than IN I-Disease
0 CD I-Disease
. . I-Disease
05 CD I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
central JJ I-Disease
apnoea NN I-Disease
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
occurred VBD O
more RBR O
frequently RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
a DT O
morphine NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
also RB O
a DT O
higher JJR O
incidence NN O
of IN O
tachyarrhythmias NNS B-Disease
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
ectopic JJ I-Disease
beats NNS I-Disease
( -LRB- O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
morphine NN O
infusion NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
aminophylline NN O
on IN O
the DT O
threshold NN O
for IN O
initiating VBG O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
during IN O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
have VBP O
frequently RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
association NN O
with IN O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possible JJ O
additive JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
pharmacologic JJ O
agents NNS O
in IN O
precipitating VBG O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
disturbances NNS I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
only RB O
recently RB O
been VBN O
emphasized VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
aminophylline NN O
on IN O
the DT O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
threshold NN O
during IN O
normal JJ O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
base NN O
conditions NNS O
and CC O
during IN O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
anesthetized VBN O
open JJ O
chest NN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
threshold NN O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
by IN O
passing VBG O
a DT O
gated VBN O
train NN O
of IN O
12 CD O
constant JJ O
current JJ O
pulses NNS O
through IN O
the DT O
ventricular JJ O
myocardium NN O
during IN O
the DT O
vulnerable JJ O
period NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cardiac JJ O
cycle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
infusion NN O
of IN O
aminophylline NN O
, , O
the DT O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
threshold NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
30 CD O
to TO O
40 CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
the DT O
control NN O
when WRB O
pH NN O
and CC O
partial JJ O
pressures NNS O
of IN O
oxygen NN O
( -LRB- O
PO2 NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
carbon NN O
dioxide NN O
( , O
CO2 NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
kept VBN O
within IN O
normal JJ O
limits NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
was VBD O
produced VBN O
by IN O
hypoventilation NN B-Disease
( , O
pH NN O
7 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
to TO O
7 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
; : O
PC02 NN O
70 CD O
to TO O
100 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
: : O
P02 CD O
20 CD O
to TO O
40 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
infusion NN O
of IN O
aminophylline NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
an DT O
even RB O
greater JJR O
decrease NN O
in IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
threshold NN O
to IN O
60 CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
the DT O
control NN O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
experiments NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
although IN O
many JJ O
factors NNS O
may MD O
contribute VB O
to IN O
the DT O
increased VBN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
in IN O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
pharmacologic JJ O
agents NNS O
, , O
particularly RB O
aminophylline NN O
, , O
may MD O
play VB O
a DT O
significant JJ O
role NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pentoxifylline NN O
( -LRB- O
Trental NNP O
) -RRB- O
does VBZ O
not RB O
inhibit VB O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
coronary JJ O
hyperemia NN B-Disease
: : O
implications NNS O
for IN O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
thallium NN O
- HYPH O
201 CD O
myocardial JJ O
imaging NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dipyridamole NNP O
- HYPH O
thallium NN O
- HYPH O
201 CD O
imaging NN O
is VBZ O
often RB O
performed VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
unable JJ O
to TO O
exercise VB O
because IN O
of IN O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
vascular JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Many JJ O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
taking VBG O
pentoxifylline NN O
( -LRB- O
Trental NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
methylxanthine NN O
derivative NN O
which WDT O
may MD O
improve VB O
intermittent JJ B-Disease
claudication NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whether IN O
pentoxifylline NN O
inhibits VBZ O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
coronary JJ O
hyperemia NN B-Disease
like IN O
other JJ O
methylxanthines NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
theophylline NN O
and CC O
should MD O
be VB O
stopped VBN O
prior RB O
to IN O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
thallium NN O
- HYPH O
201 CD O
imaging NN O
is VBZ O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
we PRP O
studied VBD O
the DT O
hyperemic JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
dipyridamole NN O
in IN O
seven CD O
open JJ O
- HYPH O
chest NN O
anesthetized VBN O
dogs NNS O
after IN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
either CC O
pentoxifylline NN O
( , O
0 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
or CC O
15 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
theophylline NN O
( , O
3 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Baseline NN O
circumflex NN O
coronary JJ O
blood NN O
flows VBZ O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
significantly RB O
among IN O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dipyridamole NNP O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
coronary JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
or CC O
15 CD O
mm NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
pentoxifylline NN O
( : O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
002 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neither DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
pentoxifylline NN O
significantly RB O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperemia NN B-Disease
, , O
while IN O
peak NN O
coronary JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
after IN O
theophylline NN O
( , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
pentoxyifylline NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
inhibit VB O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
coronary JJ O
hyperemia NN B-Disease
even RB O
at IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cause NN O
of IN O
death NN B-Disease
among IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
: : O
a DT O
rare JJ O
mortality NN O
due JJ O
to IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Causes NNS O
of IN O
death NN B-Disease
, , O
with IN O
special JJ O
reference NN O
to IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
, , O
among IN O
240 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
pathologically RB O
verified VBN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
using VBG O
the DT O
Annuals NNP O
of IN O
the DT O
Pathological NNP O
Autopsy NNP O
Cases NNPS O
in IN O
Japan NNP O
from IN O
1981 CD O
to IN O
1985 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
leading VBG O
causes NNS O
of IN O
death NN B-Disease
were VBD O
pneumonia NN B-Disease
and CC O
bronchitis NN B-Disease
( : O
44 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
malignant JJ O
neoplasms NNS B-Disease
( , O
11 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
heart NN B-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
( , O
4 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
( , O
3 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) , O
and CC O
septicaemia NN B-Disease
( : O
3 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
was VBD O
the DT O
11th JJ O
most RBS O
frequent JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
death NN B-Disease
, , O
accounting VBG O
for IN O
only RB O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
deaths NNS B-Disease
among IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
it PRP O
was VBD O
the DT O
5th JJ O
most RBS O
common JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
death NN B-Disease
among IN O
the DT O
Japanese JJ O
general JJ O
population NN O
in IN O
1985 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
low JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
death NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
may MD O
reflect VB O
the DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
and CC O
a DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
mechanism NN O
due IN O
to IN O
reduced VBN O
noradrenaline NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
parkinsonian JJ B-Disease
brain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
intramuscular JJ O
midazolam NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
cardiorespiratory JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
and CC O
death NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Midazolam NNP O
hydrochloride NN O
is VBZ O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
for IN O
dental JJ O
or CC O
endoscopic JJ O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
generally RB O
consisted VBN O
safe RB O
when WRB O
given VBN O
intramuscularly RB O
, , O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
is VBZ O
known VBN O
to TO O
cause VB O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
cardiovascular JJ I-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
report NN O
describes VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
published VBN O
case NN O
of IN O
cardiorespiratory JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
and CC O
death NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
intramuscular JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
midazolam NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Information NN O
regarding VBG O
midazolam NN O
use NN O
is VBZ O
reviewed VBN O
to TO O
provide VB O
recommendation NN O
for IN O
safe JJ O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myasthenia NNP B-Disease
gravis NN I-Disease
presenting VBG O
as IN O
weakness NN O
after IN O
magnesium NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
studied VBD O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
no DT O
prior JJ O
history NN O
of IN O
neuromuscular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
who WP O
became VBD O
virtually RB O
quadriplegic JJ B-Disease
after IN O
parenteral JJ O
magnesium NN O
administration NN O
for IN O
preeclampsia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
serum NN O
magnesium NN O
concentration NN O
was VBD O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mEq NNS O
/ SYM O
L NN O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
usually RB O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
magnesium NN O
was VBD O
stopped VBN O
and CC O
she PRP O
recovered VBD O
over IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
she PRP O
was VBD O
weak JJ O
, , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
Hz NN O
repetitive JJ O
stimulation NN O
revealed VBD O
a DT O
decrement NN O
without IN O
significant JJ O
facilitation NN O
at IN O
rapid JJ O
rates NNS O
or CC O
after IN O
exercise NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
postsynaptic JJ B-Disease
neuromuscular JJ I-Disease
blockade NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
her PRP$ O
strength NN O
returned VBD O
, , O
repetitive JJ O
stimulation NN O
was VBD O
normal JJ O
, , O
but CC O
single JJ O
fiber NN O
EMG NNP O
revealed VBD O
increased JJ O
jitter NN O
and CC O
blocking NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
acetylcholine NN O
receptor NN O
antibody NN O
level NN O
was VBD O
markedly RB O
elevated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
paralysis NN B-Disease
after IN O
magnesium NN O
administration NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
described VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
known VBN O
myasthenia NN B-Disease
gravis NN I-Disease
, , O
it PRP O
has VBZ O
not RB O
previously RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
the DT O
initial JJ O
or CC O
only JJ O
manifestation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
unusually RB O
sensitive JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
neuromuscular JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
magnesium NN O
should MD O
be VB O
suspected VBN O
of IN O
having VBG O
an DT O
underlying VBG O
disorder NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
neuromuscular JJ I-Disease
transmission NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
enhancement NN O
by IN O
phenobarbital NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hepatocarcinogenicity NN O
of IN O
a DT O
choline NN O
- HYPH O
devoid JJ O
diet NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
experiment NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
to TO O
test VB O
whether IN O
inclusion NN O
of IN O
phenobarbital NN O
in IN O
a DT O
choline NN O
- HYPH O
devoid JJ O
diet NN O
would MD O
increase VB O
the DT O
hepatocarcinogenicity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
diet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Groups NNS O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
old JJ O
male NN O
Fischer NNP O
- HYPH O
344 CD O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
fed VBN O
for IN O
7 CD O
- SYM O
25 CD O
months NNS O
semipurified JJ O
choline NN O
- HYPH O
devoid NN O
or CC O
choline NN O
- HYPH O
supplemented VBN O
diets NNS O
, , O
containing VBG O
or CC O
not RB O
0 CD O
. . O
06 CD O
% NN O
phenobarbital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
hepatic JJ O
preneoplastic JJ O
nodules NNS O
or CC O
hepatocellular JJ B-Disease
carcinomas NNS I-Disease
developed VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
fed VBD O
the DT O
plain JJ O
choline NN O
- HYPH O
supplemented VBN O
diet NN O
, , O
while IN O
one CD O
preneoplastic JJ O
nodule NN O
and CC O
one CD O
hepatocellular JJ B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
in IN O
two CD O
rats NNS O
fed VBD O
the DT O
same JJ O
diet NN O
containing VBG O
phenobarbital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
preneoplastic JJ O
nodules NNS O
and CC O
of IN O
hepatocellular JJ B-Disease
carcinomas NNS I-Disease
was VBD O
10 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
37 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
in IN O
rats NNS O
fed VBD O
the DT O
plain JJ O
choline NN O
- HYPH O
devoid JJ O
diet NN O
, , O
and CC O
17 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
30 CD O
% NN O
, , O
in IN O
rats NNS O
fed VBD O
the DT O
phenobarbital NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
choline NN O
- HYPH O
devoid JJ O
diet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
evinced VBD O
no DT O
enhancement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hepatocarcinogenicity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
choline NN O
- HYPH O
devoid JJ O
diet NN O
by IN O
phenobarbital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sporadic JJ O
neoplastic JJ O
lesions NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
organs NNS O
other JJ O
than IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
of IN O
some DT O
of IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
, , O
irrespective RB O
of IN O
the DT O
diet NN O
fed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
two CD O
paradoxical JJ O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effects NNS O
of IN O
prednisolone NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
ribosomal JJ O
RNA NN O
biosyntheses NNS O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN B-Disease
enlargement NN I-Disease
and CC O
muscle NN B-Disease
wastage NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
following VBG O
the DT O
subcutaneous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
prednisolone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
both CC O
the DT O
content NN O
of IN O
RNA NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
biosynthesis NN O
of IN O
ribosomal JJ O
RNA NNP O
increased VBD O
while IN O
both CC O
the DT O
RNA NNP O
content NN O
and CC O
ribosomal JJ O
RNA NNP O
biosynthesis NN O
were VBD O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
gastrocnemius NN O
muscle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
acted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
selective JJ O
and CC O
tissue NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
manner NN O
to TO O
enhance VB O
ribosomal JJ O
RNA NN O
synthesis NN O
in IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
and CC O
depress VB O
such JJ O
synthesis NN O
in IN O
the DT O
muscle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
view NN O
supports VBZ O
the DT O
contention NN O
that IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
and CC O
muscle NN O
are VBP O
independent JJ O
sites NNS O
of IN O
prednisolone JJ O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Differential JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
hexachlorocyclohexane NN O
( : O
lindane NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
pharmacologically RB O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gamma NNP O
- HYPH O
hexachlorocyclohexane NNP O
( , O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
HCH NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
active JJ O
ingredient NN O
of IN O
the DT O
insecticide NN O
lindane NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
decrease VB O
seizure NN B-Disease
threshold NN O
to IN O
pentylenetrazol NN O
( -LRB- O
PTZ NN O
) SYM O
3 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
HCH NN O
and CC O
conversely RB O
increase VB O
threshold NN O
to IN O
PTZ NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
24 CD O
h NNS O
after IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
HCH NNP O
( : O
Vohland NNP O
et FW O
al NNP O
. . O
1981 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
response NN O
to IN O
other JJ O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
inducing VBG O
agents NNS O
was VBD O
tested VBN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
1 CD O
and CC O
24 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
intraperitoneal JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
80 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
HCH NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
hour NN O
after IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
HCH NNP O
, , O
the DT O
activity NN O
of IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
inducing VBG O
agents NNS O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
, , O
regardless RB O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
mechanism NN O
, , O
while IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
HCH NNP O
a DT O
differential JJ O
response NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizure NN B-Disease
activity NN O
due IN O
to IN O
PTZ NNP O
and CC O
picrotoxin NN O
( -LRB- O
PTX NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
decreased VBN O
; , O
however RB O
, , O
seizure NN B-Disease
activity NN O
due JJ O
to IN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
mercaptopropionic JJ O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
MPA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
bicuculline NN O
( , O
BCC NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
methyl NN O
6 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
dimethoxy NN O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
ethyl NN O
- HYPH O
B NN O
- HYPH O
carboline NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
carboxylate NN O
( -LRB- O
DMCM NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
strychnine NN O
( -LRB- O
STR NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
not RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vitro FW O
, , O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
HCH NN O
, , O
pentylenetetrazol NN O
and CC O
picrotoxin NN O
were VBD O
shown VBN O
to TO O
inhibit VB O
3H NN O
- HYPH O
TBOB NN O
binding NN O
in IN O
mouse NN O
whole JJ O
brain NN O
, , O
with IN O
IC50 NN O
values NNS O
of IN O
4 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
, , O
404 CD O
and CC O
9 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
microM NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MPA NNP O
, , O
BCC NNP O
, , O
DMCM NNP O
, , O
and CC O
STR NNP O
showed VBD O
no DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
3H CD O
- HYPH O
TBOB NN O
( : O
t NN O
- HYPH O
butyl NN O
bicyclo NN O
- HYPH O
orthobenzoate NN O
) -RRB- O
binding NN O
at IN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
100 CD O
micron NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pharmacological JJ O
challenge NN O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
tolerance NN O
may MD O
occur VB O
to IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
activity NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
PTZ NNP O
and CC O
PTX NNP O
24 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
HCH NNP O
, , O
since IN O
the DT O
response NN O
to IN O
only RB O
these DT O
two CD O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
inducing VBG O
agents NNS O
is VBZ O
decreased VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
in FW O
vitro FW O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
site NN O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
activity NN O
24 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
HCH NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
GABA NNP O
- HYPH O
A NN O
receptor NN O
- HYPH O
linked VBN O
chloride NN O
channel NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tolerance NN O
and CC O
antiviral JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Argentine JJ B-Disease
hemorrhagic JJ I-Disease
fever NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tolerance NN O
and CC O
antiviral JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
6 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Argentine JJ B-Disease
hemorrhagic JJ I-Disease
fever NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
AHF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
of IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
8 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
evolution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
neutralization NN O
of IN O
viremia NN B-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
drop NN O
of IN O
endogenous JJ O
interferon NN O
titers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
average JJ O
time NN O
of IN O
death NN B-Disease
was VBD O
delayed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
reversible JJ O
anemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
the DT O
only JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
these DT O
results NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
ribavirin NN O
has VBZ O
an DT O
antiviral JJ O
effect NN O
in IN O
advanced JJ O
cases NNS O
of IN O
AHF NNP B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
anemia NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
only JJ O
secondary JJ O
reaction NN O
observed VBN O
, , O
can MD O
be VB O
easily RB O
managed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possible JJ O
beneficial JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
during IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
days NNS O
of IN O
AHF NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Is VBZ O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
scabies NNS B-Disease
hazardous JJ O
? . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
for IN O
scabies NNS B-Disease
is VBZ O
usually RB O
initiated VBN O
by IN O
general JJ O
practitioners NNS O
; : O
most JJS O
consider VBP O
lindane NN O
( , O
gamma NN O
benzene NN O
hexachloride NN O
) -RRB- O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
choice NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lindane NNP O
is VBZ O
also RB O
widely RB O
used VBN O
as IN O
an DT O
agricultural JJ O
and CC O
industrial JJ O
pesticide NN O
, , O
and CC O
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
the DT O
toxic JJ O
profile NN O
of IN O
this DT O
insecticide NN O
is VBZ O
well RB O
understood VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Evidence NN O
is VBZ O
accumulating VBG O
that IN O
lindane NN O
can MD O
be VB O
toxic JJ B-Disease
to IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
central JJ I-Disease
nervous JJ I-Disease
system NN I-Disease
and CC O
may MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anaemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Preparations NNS O
containing VBG O
lindane NN O
continue VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
sold VBN O
over IN O
the DT O
counter NN O
and CC O
may MD O
represent VB O
a DT O
hazard NN O
to IN O
poorly RB O
informed VBN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
literature NN O
review NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
general JJ O
practitioners NNS O
should MD O
prescribe VB O
scabicides NNS O
with IN O
increased VBN O
caution NN O
for IN O
certain JJ O
at IN O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
and CC O
give VB O
adequate JJ O
warnings NNS O
regarding VBG O
potential JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mouse NN O
strain NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
amantadine NN O
on IN O
motility NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
biogenic JJ O
amines NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
amantadine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
, , O
injected VBN O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
in IN O
6 CD O
increments NNS O
of IN O
100 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
each DT O
over IN O
30 CD O
hr NN O
, , O
on IN O
mouse NN O
motility NN O
and CC O
whole JJ O
brain NN O
content NN O
of IN O
selected VBN O
biogenic JJ O
amines NNS O
and CC O
major JJ O
metabolites NNS O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
4 CD O
strains NNS O
of IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
were VBD O
the DT O
albino JJ O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
ICR NNP O
and CC O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
C NNP O
, , O
the DT O
black JJ O
C57BL NN O
/ SYM O
6 CD O
and CC O
the DT O
brown JJ O
CDF NNP O
- HYPH O
I PRP O
mouse VBP O
strains NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amantadine JJ O
treatment NN O
produced VBD O
a DT O
biphasic JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
mouse NN O
motility NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
initial JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
amantadine NN O
depressed VBN B-Disease
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
all DT O
mouse NN O
strains NNS O
studied VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
C NNP O
mice NN O
being VBG O
the DT O
most RBS O
sensitive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subsequent JJ O
amantadine NN O
treatments NNS O
produced VBD O
enhancement NN O
of IN O
motility NN O
from IN O
corresponding VBG O
control NN O
in IN O
all DT O
mouse NN O
strains NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
C NNP O
mice NN O
being VBG O
the DT O
least RBS O
sensitive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
from IN O
corresponding JJ O
controls NNS O
in IN O
all DT O
strains NNS O
studied VBN O
, , O
except IN O
for IN O
the DT O
ICR NNP O
mice NN O
, , O
during IN O
an DT O
overnight JJ O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
period NN O
following VBG O
the DT O
fourth JJ O
amantadine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Readministration NN O
of IN O
amantadine NN O
, , O
after IN O
a DT O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
overnight JJ O
period NN O
, , O
increased VBN O
motility NN O
from IN O
respective JJ O
saline NN O
control NN O
in IN O
all DT O
strains NNS O
with IN O
exception NN O
of IN O
the DT O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
C NNP O
mice NN O
where WRB O
suppression NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
motility NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
with IN O
amantadine NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
alter VB O
whole JJ O
brain NN O
dopamine NN O
levels NNS O
but CC O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydroxyphenylacetic NN O
acid NN O
in IN O
the DT O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
C NNP O
mice NNS O
compared VBN O
to IN O
saline NN O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conversely RB O
, , O
brain NN O
normetanephrine NN O
concentration NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
from IN O
saline NN O
control NN O
by IN O
amantadine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
C NNP O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
a DT O
strain NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
amantadine NN O
on IN O
motility NN O
and CC O
indicate VB O
a DT O
differential JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
and CC O
multiple JJ O
dose NN O
regimens NNS O
used VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
C NNP O
mouse NN O
was VBD O
the DT O
most RBS O
sensitive JJ O
strain NN O
and CC O
could MD O
serve VB O
as IN O
the DT O
strain NN O
of IN O
choice NN O
for IN O
evaluating VBG O
the DT O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
amantadine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
biochemical JJ O
results NNS O
of IN O
brain NN O
biogenic JJ O
amines NNS O
of IN O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
C NNP O
mouse NN O
strain NN O
suggest VBP O
a DT O
probable JJ O
decrease NN O
of IN O
catecholamine NN O
turnover NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
metabolism NN O
by IN O
monoamine NN O
oxidase NN O
and CC O
a DT O
resulting VBG O
increase NN O
in IN O
O NN O
- HYPH O
methylation NN O
of IN O
norepinephrine NN O
which WDT O
may MD O
account VB O
for IN O
a DT O
behavioral JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
amantadine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
C NNP O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chloroacetaldehyde NNP O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
contribution NN O
to IN O
urotoxicity NN O
during IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
or CC O
ifosfamide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
experimental JJ O
study NN O
/ SYM O
short JJ O
communication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
clinical JJ O
data NNS O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
chloroacetaldehyde NN O
( , O
CAA NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
metabolite NN O
of IN O
oxazaphosphorine NN O
cytostatics NNS O
, , O
an DT O
experimental JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
carried VBN O
out RP O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
elucidate VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
CAA NN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
CAA NNP O
after IN O
i PRP O
. . O
v LS O
. . O
administration NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
contribute VB O
to IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
instilled VBN O
directly RB O
into IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
, , O
CAA NNP O
exerts VBZ O
urotoxic JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
susceptible JJ O
to IN O
detoxification NN O
with IN O
mesna NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Source NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
and CC O
primitive JJ O
dysfunction NN O
in IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
: : O
an DT O
identical JJ O
site NN O
? . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
common JJ O
migraine NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
received VBD O
a DT O
one CD O
sided JJ O
frontotemporal JJ O
application NN O
of IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
( : O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
placebo NN O
ointment NN O
( SYM O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
blind JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Early JJ O
onset NN O
migraine NN B-Disease
attacks NNS O
were VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
in IN O
seven CD O
out IN O
of IN O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
versus IN O
no DT O
patient NN O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subsequently RB O
20 CD O
migraine NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
who WP O
developed VBD O
an DT O
early JJ O
onset NN O
attack NN O
with IN O
frontotemporal JJ O
nitroglycerin NN O
, , O
received VBD O
the DT O
drug NN O
in IN O
a DT O
second JJ O
induction NN O
test NN O
at IN O
other JJ O
body NN O
areas NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
early JJ O
onset NN O
migraine NN B-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
the DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
inducing VBG O
effect NN O
of IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
depend VB O
on IN O
direct JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
habitual JJ O
site NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
the DT O
frontotemporal JJ O
region NN O
is VBZ O
of IN O
crucial JJ O
importance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
a DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
crisis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
not RB O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
a DT O
CNS NNP O
origin NN O
of IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
to IN O
carbamazepine NN O
presenting VBG O
with IN O
a DT O
leukemoid NN B-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
, , O
eosinophilia NN B-Disease
, , O
erythroderma NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
patient NN O
in IN O
whom WP O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
to IN O
carbamazepine NN O
presented VBD O
with IN O
generalized JJ O
erythroderma NN B-Disease
, , O
a DT O
severe JJ O
leukemoid NN B-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
, , O
eosinophilia NN B-Disease
, , O
hyponatremia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
report NN O
of IN O
such PDT O
an DT O
unusual JJ O
reaction NN O
to IN O
carbamazepine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fluoxetine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
: : O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
theoretical JJ O
implications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
fluoxetine NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
obsessive JJ B-Disease
compulsive JJ I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
or CC O
major JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
akathisia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
typical JJ O
fluoxetine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
restlessness NN O
, , O
constant JJ O
pacing NN O
, , O
purposeless JJ O
movements NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
feet NNS O
and CC O
legs NNS O
, , O
and CC O
marked VBN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
were VBD O
indistinguishable JJ O
from IN O
those DT O
of IN O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
experienced VBN O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
past NN O
reported VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
fluoxetine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
identical JJ O
, , O
although IN O
somewhat RB O
milder JJR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Akathisia NNP B-Disease
appeared VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
common JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
fluoxetine NN O
and CC O
generally RB O
responded VBD O
well RB O
to IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
the DT O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
antagonist NN O
propranolol NN O
, , O
dose NN O
reduction NN O
, , O
or CC O
both DT O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
authors NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
fluoxetine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
serotonergically RB O
mediated VBN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurotransmission NN O
and CC O
that IN O
the DT O
pathophysiology NN O
of IN O
fluoxetine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
and CC O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressant NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
"""" `` O
jitteriness NN O
"""" '' O
may MD O
be VB O
identical JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibition NN O
on IN O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitor NN O
( -LRB- O
CEI NNP O
) -RRB- O
enalapril NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
Munich NNP O
- HYPH O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
with IN O
established VBN O
adriamycin NN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
and CC O
one CD O
month NN O
later RB O
divided VBN O
into IN O
four CD O
groups NNS O
matched VBN O
for IN O
albuminuria NN B-Disease
, , O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
and CC O
plasma NN O
albumin NN O
concentration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Groups NNS O
1 CD O
and CC O
3 CD O
remained VBD O
untreated JJ O
while IN O
groups NNS O
2 CD O
and CC O
4 CD O
received VBD O
enalapril NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Groups NNS O
1 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
underwent VBD O
micropuncture NN O
studies NNS O
after IN O
10 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
studies NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
enalapril NN O
reduced VBD O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
( : O
101 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
vs IN O
. . O
124 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
3 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
, , O
group NN O
2 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
1 CD O
, , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
glomerular JJ O
capillary NN O
pressure NN O
( : O
54 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
61 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
, , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
without IN O
reducing VBG O
albuminuria NN B-Disease
( : O
617 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
50 CD O
vs IN O
. . O
570 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
47 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
GFR NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
04 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
1 CD O
. . O
04 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
11 CD O
ml NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Groups NNS O
3 CD O
and CC O
4 CD O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
at IN O
four CD O
and CC O
at IN O
six CD O
months NNS O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
enalapril NN O
on IN O
progression NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
adriamycin NN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ O
enalapril NN O
treatment NN O
reduced VBD O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
without IN O
reducing VBG O
albuminuria NN B-Disease
in IN O
group NN O
4 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Untreated JJ O
group NN O
3 CD O
rats NNS O
exhibited VBD O
a DT O
progressive JJ O
reduction NN O
in IN O
GFR NNP O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
35 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
08 CD O
ml NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
at IN O
4 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
27 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
07 CD O
ml NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
at IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Enalapril NNP O
treatment NN O
blunted VBD O
but CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
prevent VB O
reduction NN O
in IN O
GFR NNP O
in IN O
group NN O
4 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
86 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
15 CD O
ml NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
at IN O
4 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
69 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
13 CD O
ml NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
at IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
both DT O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
vs IN O
. . O
group NN O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reduction NN O
in IN O
GFR NNP O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
glomerular JJ B-Disease
sclerosis NN I-Disease
in IN O
both CC O
treated VBN O
and CC O
untreated JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) -RRB- O
null null null-Disease
Clotiazepam NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
with IN O
extensive JJ B-Disease
hepatocellular JJ I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
, , O
7 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
clotiazepam NN O
, , O
a DT O
thienodiazepine NN O
derivative NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clotiazepam NNP O
withdrawal NN O
was VBD O
followed VBN O
by IN O
prompt JJ O
recovery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
several JJ O
benzodiazepines NNS O
, , O
chemically RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
clotiazepam NN O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
interfere VB O
with IN O
recovery NN O
and CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
induce VB O
any DT O
relapse NN O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
observation NN O
shows VBZ O
that IN O
clotiazepam NN O
can MD O
induce VB O
acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
and CC O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
there EX O
is VBZ O
no DT O
cross JJ O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
between IN O
clotiazepam NN O
and CC O
several JJ O
benzodiazepines NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
5 CD O
- HYPH O
azacytidine NN O
potentiates VBZ O
initiation NN B-Disease
induced VBN I-Disease
by IN I-Disease
carcinogens NNS I-Disease
in IN O
rat NN O
liver NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
test VB O
the DT O
validity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
hypomethylation NN O
of IN O
DNA NNP O
plays VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
initiation NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
carcinogenic JJ I-Disease
process NN I-Disease
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
azacytidine NN O
( -LRB- O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
AzC NN O
) -RRB- O
( , O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
DNA NN O
methylation NN O
, , O
was VBD O
given VBN O
to IN O
rats NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
phase NN O
of IN O
repair NN O
synthesis NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
three CD O
carcinogens NNS O
, , O
benzo FW O
[ -LRB- O
a DT O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
pyrene NN O
( , O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
nitrosourea NN O
( : O
60 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
dimethylhydrazine NN O
( , O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
DMH NN O
) -RRB- O
( : O
100 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
initiated VBN O
hepatocytes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
were VBD O
assayed VBN O
as IN O
the DT O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
glutamyltransferase NN O
( , O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
GT NNP O
) -RRB- O
positive JJ O
foci NN O
formed VBN O
following VBG O
a DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
selection NN O
regimen NN O
consisting VBG O
of IN O
dietary JJ O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
% NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
acetylaminofluorene NN O
coupled VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
necrogenic JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
CCl4 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
obtained VBN O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
with IN O
all DT O
three CD O
carcinogens NNS O
, , O
administration NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
AzC NNP O
during IN O
repair NN O
synthesis NN O
increased VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
initiated VBN O
hepatocytes NNS O
, , O
for IN O
example NN O
10 CD O
- SYM O
20 CD O
foci NN O
/ SYM O
cm2 NN O
in IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
AzC NN O
and CC O
carcinogen NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
3 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
foci NN O
/ SYM O
cm2 NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
carcinogen NN O
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
[ -LRB- O
3H NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
azadeoxycytidine NN O
during IN O
the DT O
repair NN O
synthesis NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
DMH NNP O
further RB O
showed VBD O
that IN O
0 CD O
. . O
019 CD O
mol NN O
% NN O
of IN O
cytosine NN O
residues NNS O
in IN O
DNA NNP O
were VBD O
substituted VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
analogue NN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
incorporation NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
AzC NNP O
occurs VBZ O
during IN O
repair NN O
synthesis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
carcinogen NN O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
AzC NN O
given VBN O
after IN O
a DT O
two CD O
thirds NNS O
partial JJ O
hepatectomy NN O
, , O
when WRB O
its PRP$ O
incorporation NN O
should MD O
be VB O
maximum JJ O
, , O
failed VBD O
to TO O
induce VB O
any DT O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
GT NNP O
positive JJ O
foci NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
hypomethylation NN O
of IN O
DNA NN O
per FW O
se FW O
may MD O
not RB O
be VB O
sufficient JJ O
for IN O
initiation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Perhaps RB O
two CD O
events NNS O
might MD O
be VB O
necessary JJ O
for IN O
initiation NN O
, , O
the DT O
first JJ O
caused VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
carcinogen NN O
and CC O
a DT O
second JJ O
involving VBG O
hypomethylation NN O
of IN O
DNA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antihypertensive JJ O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
depression NN B-Disease
: : O
a DT O
reappraisal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eighty CD O
- HYPH O
nine CD O
new JJ O
referral NN O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
out IN O
- HYPH O
patients NNS O
and CC O
46 CD O
new JJ O
referral JJ O
non NN O
- HYPH O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
chronically RB O
physically RB O
ill JJ O
out IN O
- HYPH O
patients NNS O
completed VBD O
a DT O
mood NN O
rating NN O
scale NN O
at IN O
regular JJ O
intervals NNS O
for IN O
one CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
high JJ O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
depression NN B-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
, , O
with IN O
no DT O
preponderance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypertensive JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
histories NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
higher JJR O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
depression NN B-Disease
than IN O
the DT O
comparison NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
accounted VBN O
for IN O
by IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
number NN O
of IN O
depressions NNS B-Disease
occurring VBG O
in IN O
methyl NN O
dopa NN O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
histories NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ B-Disease
active JJ I-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
diclofenac NN O
sodium NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diclofenac NN O
sodium NN O
( -LRB- O
Voltarol NNP O
, , O
Geigy NNP O
Pharmaceuticals NNPS O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
steroidal JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
derivative NN O
of IN O
phenylacetic JJ O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
generally RB O
well RB O
- HYPH O
tolerated VBN O
, , O
asymptomatic JJ O
abnormalities NNS B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
recorded VBN O
and CC O
, , O
less RBR O
commonly RB O
, , O
severe JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
diclofenac NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
described VBD O
developed VBN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
active JJ I-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
after IN O
six CD O
months NNS O
therapy NN O
with IN O
diclofenac NN O
sodium NN O
which WDT O
progressed VBD O
despite IN O
the DT O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
, , O
a DT O
finding NN O
not RB O
previously RB O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Arterial JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
complication NN O
of IN O
prolonged VBN O
ketoconazole NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
of IN O
14 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Cushing NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
treated VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
basis NN O
with IN O
ketoconazole NN O
developed VBD O
sustained JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
both DT O
cases NNS O
normal JJ O
plasma NN O
and CC O
urinary JJ O
free JJ O
cortisol NN O
levels NNS O
had VBD O
been VBN O
achieved VBN O
following VBG O
ketoconazole NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
yet CC O
continuous JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
monitoring NN O
demonstrated VBD O
hypertension NN B-Disease
31 CD O
( HYPH O
patient NN O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
52 CD O
weeks NNS O
( , O
patient NN O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patient NN O
1 CD O
, , O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
deoxycorticosterone NN O
and CC O
11 CD O
- HYPH O
deoxycortisol NN O
were VBD O
elevated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patient NN O
2 CD O
, , O
in IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
both CC O
deoxycorticosterone NN O
and CC O
11 CD O
- HYPH O
deoxycortisol NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
plasma NN O
aldosterone NN O
values NNS O
were VBD O
raised VBN O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
concomitant JJ O
suppression NN O
of IN O
renin NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
findings NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
ketoconazole NN O
may MD O
induce VB O
enzyme NN O
blockade NN O
leading VBG O
to IN O
mineralocorticoid NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
an DT O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
angiotensin NN O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
( , O
Captopril NNP O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
intravascular JJ B-Disease
coagulation NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Induction NN O
of IN O
intravascular JJ B-Disease
coagulation NN I-Disease
and CC O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
fibrinolysis NN O
by IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
thrombin NN O
and CC O
tranexamic JJ O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
AMCA NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
gives VBZ O
rise NN O
to IN O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
resembling VBG O
that IN O
occurring VBG O
after IN O
trauma NN B-Disease
or CC O
sepsis NNS B-Disease
in IN O
man NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Injection NN O
of IN O
Captopril NNP O
( : O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
angiotensin NN O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
( , O
ACE NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
reduced VBD O
both CC O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
lung NN O
weights NNS O
were VBD O
lower JJR O
and CC O
PaO2 NNP O
was VBD O
improved VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
given VBN O
this DT O
enzyme NN O
- HYPH O
blocking VBG O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
contents NNS O
of IN O
albumin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
lungs NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
changed VBN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
Captopril NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
influence VB O
the DT O
extravasation NN O
of IN O
protein NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
as IN O
reflected VBN O
by IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
urea NN O
and CC O
in IN O
kidney NN O
weight NN O
was VBD O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
Captopril NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
amount NN O
of IN O
fibrin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
kidneys NNS O
was VBD O
also RB O
considerably RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
which WDT O
received VBD O
thrombin NN O
and CC O
AMCA NNP O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
Captopril NNP O
on IN O
the DT O
lungs NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
attributable JJ O
to IN O
a DT O
vasodilatory JJ O
effect NN O
due IN O
to IN O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
circulating VBG O
level NN O
of IN O
Angiotension NNP O
II NNP O
and CC O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
prostacyclin NN O
( , O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
bradykinin NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Captopril NNP O
may MD O
, , O
by IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
mechanism NN O
, , O
reduce VB O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
known VBN O
to TO O
occur VB O
after IN O
an DT O
injection NN O
of IN O
thrombin NN O
, , O
thereby RB O
diminishing VBG O
the DT O
aggregation NN O
of IN O
fibrin NN O
monomers NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
glomeruli NN O
, , O
with IN O
the DT O
result NN O
that IN O
less JJR O
fibrin NN O
will MD O
be VB O
deposited VBN O
and CC O
thus RB O
less JJR O
kidney NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
will MD O
be VB O
produced VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Stroke NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
eight CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
whom WP O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
was VBD O
related VBN O
to IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
and CC O
review VB O
39 CD O
cases NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
these DT O
47 CD O
patients NNS O
the DT O
mean JJ O
( , O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SD NN O
) -RRB- O
age NN O
was VBD O
32 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
12 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
years NNS O
; : O
76 CD O
% NN O
( SYM O
34 CD O
/ SYM O
45 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
men NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Stroke NN B-Disease
followed VBD O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
by IN O
inhalation NN O
, , O
intranasal JJ O
, , O
intravenous JJ O
, , O
and CC O
intramuscular JJ O
routes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracranial JJ B-Disease
aneurysms NNS I-Disease
or CC O
arteriovenous JJ B-Disease
malformations NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
17 CD O
of IN O
32 CD O
patients NNS O
studied VBN O
angiographically RB O
or CC O
at IN O
autopsy NN O
; : O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
was VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
22 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
, , O
intracerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
in IN O
22 CD O
( , O
49 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
subarachnoid NN B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
in IN O
13 CD O
( : O
29 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
( : O
1 CD O
) , O
the DT O
apparent JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
is VBZ O
increasing VBG O
; : O
( : O
2 CD O
) SYM O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
stroke NN B-Disease
occurs VBZ O
primarily RB O
in IN O
young JJ O
adults NNS O
; : O
( : O
3 CD O
) SYM O
stroke NN B-Disease
may MD O
follow VB O
any DT O
route NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
administration NN O
; : O
( : O
4 CD O
) SYM O
stroke NN B-Disease
after IN O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
is VBZ O
frequently RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
intracranial JJ B-Disease
aneurysms NNS I-Disease
and CC O
arteriovenous JJ B-Disease
malformations NNS I-Disease
; : O
and CC O
( , O
5 CD O
) , O
in IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
stroke NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
intracranial JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
exceeds VBZ O
that DT O
of IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
randomized JJ O
comparison NN O
of IN O
labetalol NN O
and CC O
nitroprusside NN O
for IN O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
study NN O
, , O
labetalol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
nitroprusside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
were VBD O
compared VBN O
in IN O
20 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
10 CD O
in IN O
each DT O
group NN O
) , O
scheduled VBN O
for IN O
major JJ O
orthopedic JJ O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Each DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
an DT O
identical JJ O
anesthetic JJ O
protocol NN O
and CC O
similar JJ O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
reductions NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
mean JJ I-Disease
arterial JJ I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
BP NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
50 CD O
to TO O
55 CD O
mmHg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nitroprusside NN O
infusion NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
( , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
increase NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
rate NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
cardiac JJ I-Disease
output NN I-Disease
; , O
rebound JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
three CD O
patients NNS O
after IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
nitroprusside NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Labetalol NNP O
administration NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
any DT O
of IN O
these DT O
findings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Arterial JJ O
PO2 NN O
decreased VBD O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
labetalol NN O
offers VBZ O
advantages NNS O
over IN O
nitroprusside NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sodium NN O
status NN O
influences VBZ O
chronic JJ O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
potential NN O
of IN O
amphotericin NN O
B NNP O
( SYM O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
intraperitoneally RB O
for IN O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
depleted VBN O
, , O
normal JJ O
- HYPH O
salt NN O
, , O
and CC O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
loaded VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
depleted VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
decreased VBD O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
linearly RB O
with IN O
time NN O
, , O
with IN O
an DT O
85 CD O
% NN O
reduction NN O
by IN O
week NN O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
in IN O
normal JJ O
- HYPH O
salt NN O
rats NNS O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
but CC O
to IN O
a DT O
lesser JJR O
extent NN O
at IN O
week NN O
2 CD O
and CC O
3 CD O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
loaded VBN O
rats NNS O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
for IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
and CC O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
by IN O
43 CD O
% NN O
at IN O
week NN O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
rats NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
sodium NN O
- HYPH O
depleted VBN O
group NN O
had VBD O
histopathological JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
patchy JJ O
tubular JJ O
cytoplasmic JJ O
degeneration NN O
in IN O
tubules NNS O
that WDT O
was VBD O
not RB O
observed VBN O
in IN O
any DT O
normal JJ O
- HYPH O
salt NN O
or CC O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
loaded VBN O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Concentrations NNS O
of IN O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
were VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
different JJ O
among IN O
the DT O
three CD O
groups NNS O
at IN O
any DT O
time NN O
during IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
kidneys NNS O
and CC O
liver NN O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
in IN O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
depleted VBN O
and CC O
normal JJ O
- HYPH O
salt NN O
rats NNS O
than IN O
those DT O
in IN O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
loaded VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
with IN O
plasma NN O
/ SYM O
kidney NN O
ratios NNS O
of IN O
21 CD O
, , O
14 CD O
, , O
and CC O
8 CD O
in IN O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
depleted VBN O
, , O
normal JJ O
- HYPH O
salt NN O
, , O
and CC O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
loaded VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
reductions NNS O
in IN O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
and CC O
renal JJ O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
accumulation NN O
after IN O
chronic JJ O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
administration NN O
were VBD O
enhanced VBN O
by IN O
salt NN O
depletion NN O
and CC O
attenuated VBN O
by IN O
sodium NN O
loading NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flestolol NNP O
: : O
an DT O
ultra JJ O
- HYPH O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
blocking NN O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flestolol NNP O
( : O
ACC NNP O
- HYPH O
9089 CD O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
nonselective JJ O
, , O
competitive JJ O
, , O
ultra RB O
- HYPH O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
blocking NN O
agent NN O
, , O
without IN O
any DT O
intrinsic JJ O
sympathomimetic JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flestolol NNP O
is VBZ O
metabolized VBN O
by IN O
plasma NN O
esterases NNS O
and CC O
has VBZ O
an DT O
elimination NN O
half JJ O
- HYPH O
life NN O
of IN O
approximately RB O
6 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
minutes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
agent NN O
was VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
volunteers NNS O
at IN O
doses NNS O
up IN O
to IN O
100 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
infusion NN O
studies NNS O
, , O
flestolol NN O
was VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
effective JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocking VBG O
dose NN O
( , O
5 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
up IN O
to TO O
seven CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flestolol NN O
blood NN O
concentrations NNS O
increased VBD O
linearly RB O
with IN O
increasing VBG O
dose NN O
and CC O
good JJ O
correlation NN O
exists VBZ O
between IN O
blood NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
flestolol NN O
and CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
blockade NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flestolol NNP O
produced VBD O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
attenuation NN O
of IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electrophysiologic JJ O
and CC O
hemodynamic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
flestolol NN O
are VBP O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
of IN O
other JJ O
beta NN O
blockers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
with IN O
other JJ O
beta NN O
blockers NNS O
, , O
flestolol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
effects NNS O
reverse VBP O
rapidly RB O
( , O
within IN O
30 CD O
minutes NNS O
) , O
following VBG O
discontinuation NN O
because IN O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
short JJ O
half JJ O
- HYPH O
life NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flestolol NNP O
effectively RB O
reduced VBD O
heart NN O
rate NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
supraventricular JJ B-Disease
tachyarrhythmia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
unstable JJ B-Disease
angina NN I-Disease
, , O
flestolol NN O
infusion NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
safe JJ O
and CC O
effective JJ O
in IN O
controlling VBG O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
flestolol NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
potent JJ O
, , O
well RB O
- HYPH O
tolerated VBN O
, , O
ultra RB O
- HYPH O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
blocking NN O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Use NN O
of IN O
flestolol NN O
in IN O
the DT O
critical JJ O
care NN O
setting NN O
is VBZ O
currently RB O
undergoing VBG O
investigation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunohistochemical JJ O
, , O
electron NN O
microscopic JJ O
and CC O
morphometric JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
estrogen NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rat NN O
prolactinomas NNS B-Disease
after IN O
bromocriptine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
clarify VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
bromocriptine NN O
on IN O
prolactinoma NN B-Disease
cells NNS O
in IN O
vivo NN O
, , O
immunohistochemical JJ O
, , O
ultrastructural JJ O
and CC O
morphometrical JJ O
analyses NNS O
were VBD O
applied VBN O
to IN O
estrogen NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rat NN O
prolactinoma NN B-Disease
cells NNS O
1 CD O
h NN O
and CC O
6 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
bromocriptine NN O
( , O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
of IN O
body NN O
weight NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
h NN O
after IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
serum NN O
prolactin NN O
levels NNS O
decreased VBD O
markedly RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electron NN O
microscopy NN O
disclosed VBD O
many JJ O
secretory JJ O
granules NNS O
, , O
slightly RB O
distorted VBN O
rough JJ O
endoplasmic JJ O
reticulum NN O
, , O
and CC O
partially RB O
dilated VBN O
Golgi NNP O
cisternae NN O
in IN O
the DT O
prolactinoma NN B-Disease
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Morphometric JJ O
analysis NN O
revealed VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
volume NN O
density NN O
of IN O
secretory JJ O
granules NNS O
increased VBD O
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
volume NN O
density NN O
of IN O
cytoplasmic JJ O
microtubules NNS O
decreased VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
lowered VBN O
serum JJ O
prolactin NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
phase NN O
of IN O
bromocriptine NN O
treatment NN O
may MD O
result VB O
from IN O
an DT O
impaired JJ O
secretion NN O
of IN O
prolactin NN O
due IN O
to IN O
decreasing VBG O
numbers NNS O
of IN O
cytoplasmic JJ O
microtubules NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
6 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
injection NN O
, , O
serum NN O
prolactin NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
still RB O
considerably RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
prolactinoma NN B-Disease
cells NNS O
at IN O
this DT O
time NN O
were VBD O
well RB O
granulated VBN O
, , O
with IN O
vesiculated JJ O
rough JJ O
endoplasmic JJ O
reticulum NN O
and CC O
markedly RB O
dilated VBN O
Golgi NNP O
cisternae NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electron NN O
microscopical JJ O
immunohistochemistry NN O
revealed VBD O
positive JJ O
reaction NN O
products NNS O
noted VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
secretory JJ O
granules NNS O
, , O
Golgi NNP O
cisternae NN O
, , O
and CC O
endoplasmic JJ O
reticulum NN O
of IN O
the DT O
untreated JJ O
rat NN O
prolactinoma NN B-Disease
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
only RB O
secretory NN O
granules NNS O
showed VBD O
the DT O
positive JJ O
reaction NN O
products NNS O
for IN O
prolactin JJ O
6 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
bromocriptine NN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
adenoma NN B-Disease
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
volume NN O
density NN O
of IN O
secretory NN O
granules NNS O
and CC O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
volume NN O
densities NNS O
of IN O
rough JJ O
endoplasmic JJ O
reticulum NN O
and CC O
microtubules NNS O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
morphometric JJ O
analysis NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
bromocriptine NN O
inhibits VBZ O
protein NN O
synthesis NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
bringing VBG O
about RP O
a DT O
disturbance NN O
of IN O
the DT O
prolactin JJ O
secretion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sulfasalazine NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
lupus NN B-Disease
erythematosus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pneumonitis NN B-Disease
, , O
bilateral JJ O
pleural JJ B-Disease
effusions NNS I-Disease
, , O
echocardiographic JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
tamponade NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
positive JJ O
autoantibodies NNS O
developed VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
43 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
, , O
who WP O
was VBD O
receiving VBG O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
sulfasalazine NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
chronic JJ O
ulcerative JJ B-Disease
colitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sulfasalazine NN O
and CC O
completion NN O
of IN O
a DT O
six CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
course NN O
of IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
, , O
these DT O
problems NNS O
resolved VBN O
over IN O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
four CD O
to TO O
six CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
sulfasalazine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
lupus NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
manifested VBD O
with IN O
serositis NN B-Disease
and CC O
pulmonary JJ O
parenchymal JJ O
involvement NN O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
joint JJ O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Physicians NNS O
who WP O
use VBP O
sulfasalazine NN O
to TO O
treat VB O
patients NNS O
with IN O
inflammatory JJ B-Disease
bowel NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
signs NNS O
of IN O
sulfasalazine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
lupus NN B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ O
carbamazepine NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
: : O
efficacy NN O
, , O
toxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
effect NN O
on IN O
plasma NN O
and CC O
tissue NN O
folate NN O
concentrations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Folate NN O
depletion NN O
has VBZ O
often RB O
been VBN O
a DT O
problem NN O
in IN O
chronic JJ O
antiepileptic JJ O
drug NN O
( , O
AED NN O
) -RRB- O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carbamazepine NNP O
( -LRB- O
CBZ NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
AED NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
some DT O
clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
was VBD O
developed VBN O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
CBZ NN O
treatment NN O
on IN O
folate JJ O
concentrations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
developing VBG O
this DT O
model NN O
, , O
a DT O
common JJ O
vehicle NN O
, , O
propylene NN O
glycol NN O
, , O
by IN O
itself PRP O
in IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
exhibit VB O
protective JJ O
properties NNS O
against IN O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
inhibited VBN O
weight NN B-Disease
gain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizures NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
hexafluorodiethyl NN O
ether NN O
( -LRB- O
HFDE NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
also RB O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
more RBR O
sensitive JJ O
measure NN O
of IN O
protection NN O
by IN O
CBZ NNP O
than IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
maximal JJ O
electroshock NN O
( -LRB- O
MES NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
CBZ NNP O
as IN O
an DT O
aqueous JJ O
suspension NN O
every DT O
8 CD O
h NN O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
250 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
was VBD O
continuously RB O
protective JJ O
against IN O
HFDE NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
was VBD O
minimally RB O
toxic JJ O
as IN O
measured VBN O
by IN O
weight NN B-Disease
gain NN I-Disease
over IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
CBZ NNP O
levels NNS O
measured VBN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
of IN O
these DT O
animals NNS O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
were VBD O
below IN O
those DT O
normally RB O
considered VBN O
protective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
treatment NN O
with IN O
CBZ NNP O
had VBD O
no DT O
apparent JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
folate NN O
concentrations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
, , O
and CC O
, , O
indeed RB O
, , O
the DT O
folate JJ O
concentration NN O
increased VBD O
in IN O
liver NN O
after IN O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
in IN O
plasma NN O
at IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dipyridamole NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angina NNP B-Disease
and CC O
ischemic JJ O
electrocardiographic JJ O
changes NNS O
occurred VBD O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
dipyridamole NN O
in IN O
four CD O
patients NNS O
awaiting VBG O
urgent JJ O
myocardial JJ O
revascularization NN O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
our PRP$ O
knowledge NN O
, , O
this DT O
has VBZ O
not RB O
previously RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
preoperative JJ O
dipyridamole NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
although IN O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
demonstrated VBN O
to TO O
occur VB O
in IN O
animals NNS O
and CC O
humans NNS O
with IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epicardial JJ O
coronary JJ O
collateral JJ O
vessels NNS O
were VBD O
demonstrated VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
four CD O
patients NNS O
; : O
a DT O
coronary JJ O
"""" `` O
steal NN O
"""" '' O
phenomenon NN O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Inhibition NN O
of IN O
sympathoadrenal JJ O
activity NN O
by IN O
atrial JJ O
natriuretic JJ O
factor NN O
in IN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
six CD O
conscious JJ O
, , O
trained VBN O
dogs NNS O
, , O
maintained VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
normal JJ O
sodium NN O
intake NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
to IN O
4 CD O
mEq NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
, , O
sympathetic JJ O
activity NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
as IN O
the DT O
release NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
norepinephrine NN O
and CC O
epinephrine NN O
during IN O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
i CD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
human JJ O
alpha JJ O
- HYPH O
atrial JJ O
natriuretic JJ O
factor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean VB O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
( , O
as IN O
a DT O
percentage NN O
of IN O
control NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SEM NN O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
randomized VBN O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
, , O
or CC O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
microgram NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
was VBD O
99 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
( , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) NFP O
, , O
93 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
( HYPH O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
79 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
6 CD O
% NN O
( , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
but CC O
no DT O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
and CC O
no DT O
augmentation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
norepinephrine NN O
release NN O
rate NN O
( , O
up IN O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
microgram NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
in IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
comparable JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
hydralazine NN O
or CC O
nitroglycerin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
release NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
epinephrine NN O
( : O
control NN O
, , O
6 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
ng CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
) -RRB- O
declined VBD O
immediately RB O
during IN O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
atrial JJ O
natriuretic JJ O
factor NN O
to IN O
a DT O
minimum NN O
of IN O
49 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
control NN O
( : O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
microgram NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
and CC O
to IN O
63 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
5 CD O
% NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
greater JJR O
than IN O
p NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
95 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
13 CD O
% NN O
( , O
not RB O
significant JJ O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
or CC O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
microgram NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Steady JJ O
state NN O
arterial JJ O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
atrial JJ O
natriuretic JJ O
factor NN O
were VBD O
39 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
10 CD O
pg NN O
/ SYM O
ml CD O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
saline NN O
and CC O
284 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
24 CD O
pg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
6 CD O
) SYM O
and CC O
1520 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
300 CD O
pg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
microgram NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
factor NN O
. . O
( , O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) -RRB- O
null null null-Disease
Inhibition NN O
of IN O
immunoreactive JJ O
corticotropin NN O
- HYPH O
releasing VBG O
factor NN O
secretion NN O
into IN O
the DT O
hypophysial JJ O
- HYPH O
portal NN O
circulation NN O
by IN O
delayed VBN O
glucocorticoid NN O
feedback NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nitroprusside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
evokes VBZ O
ACTH NN O
secretion NN O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
primarily RB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
enhanced VBN O
secretion NN O
of IN O
immunoreactive JJ O
corticotropin NN O
- HYPH O
releasing VBG O
factor NN O
( -LRB- O
irCRF NNP O
) -RRB- O
into IN O
the DT O
hypophysial JJ O
- HYPH O
portal NN O
circulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Portal JJ O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
neither CC O
arginine NN O
vasopressin NN O
nor CC O
oxytocin NN O
are VBP O
significantly RB O
altered VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
paradigm NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Application NN O
of IN O
a DT O
delayed VBN O
feedback NN O
signal NN O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
form NN O
of IN O
a DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
systemic JJ O
corticosterone NN O
infusion NN O
in IN O
urethane NN O
- HYPH O
anesthetized VBN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
pharmacological JJ O
blockade NN O
of IN O
glucocorticoid JJ O
synthesis NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
without IN O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
resting VBG O
secretion NN O
of IN O
arginine NN O
vasopressin NN O
and CC O
oxytocin NN O
at IN O
any DT O
corticosterone NN O
feedback NN O
dose NN O
tested VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Resting VBG O
irCRF NNP O
levels NNS O
are VBP O
suppressed VBN O
only RB O
at IN O
the DT O
highest JJS O
corticosterone NN O
infusion NN O
rate NN O
, , O
which WDT O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
systemic JJ O
corticosterone NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
40 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
dl NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Suppression NN O
of IN O
irCRF NN O
secretion NN O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
nitroprusside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
observed VBN O
and CC O
occurs VBZ O
at IN O
a DT O
plasma NN O
corticosterone NN O
level NN O
between IN O
8 CD O
- SYM O
12 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
dl NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
studies NNS O
provide VBP O
further JJ O
evidence NN O
for IN O
a DT O
strong JJ O
central JJ O
component NN O
of IN O
the DT O
delayed VBN O
feedback NN O
process NN O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
modulation NN O
of IN O
irCRF NNP O
release NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Noradrenergic JJ O
involvement NN O
in IN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
delta NN O
9 CD O
- HYPH O
tetrahydrocannabinol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
order NN O
to TO O
elucidate VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
the DT O
catecholaminergic JJ O
system NN O
in IN O
the DT O
cataleptogenic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
delta NN O
9 CD O
- HYPH O
tetrahydrocannabinol NN O
( , O
THC NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxydopamine NN O
( -LRB- O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
OHDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
with IN O
desipramine NN O
and CC O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
OHDA NN O
and CC O
lesions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
locus NN O
coeruleus NN O
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cataleptogenic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
THC NNP O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
OHDA NN O
and CC O
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
lesions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
locus NN O
coeruleus NN O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
desipramine NN O
and CC O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
OHDA NNP O
, , O
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
control NN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
contrary NN O
, , O
the DT O
cataleptogenic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
desipramine NN O
and CC O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
OHDA NN O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
OHDA NNP O
or CC O
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
lesions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
locus NN O
coeruleus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
noradrenergic JJ O
neurons NNS O
have VBP O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
manifestation NN O
of IN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
THC NNP O
, , O
whereas IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurons NNS O
are VBP O
important JJ O
in IN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
haloperidol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reversibility NN O
of IN O
captopril NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
after IN O
prolonged JJ O
use NN O
in IN O
an DT O
unusual JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
renovascular JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
with IN O
an DT O
occluded VBN O
renal JJ O
artery NN O
to IN O
a DT O
solitary JJ O
kidney NN O
, , O
who WP O
developed VBD O
sudden JJ B-Disease
deterioration NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
following VBG O
treatment NN O
with IN O
captopril NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
His PRP$ O
renal JJ O
function NN O
remained VBD O
impaired JJ O
but CC O
stable JJ O
during IN O
2 CD O
years NNS O
' POS O
treatment NN O
with IN O
captopril NN O
but CC O
returned VBD O
to IN O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
treatment NN O
levels NNS O
soon RB O
after IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
indicates VBZ O
reversibility NN O
in IN O
captopril NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
even RB O
after IN O
its PRP$ O
prolonged JJ O
use NN O
and CC O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
no DT O
organic JJ O
damage NN O
occurs VBZ O
to IN O
glomerular JJ O
arterioles NNS O
following VBG O
chronic JJ O
ACE NN O
inhibition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
HMG NNP O
CoA NNP O
reductase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Current JJ O
clinical JJ O
experience NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lovastatin NN O
and CC O
simvastatin NN O
are VBP O
the DT O
2 CD O
best RBS O
- HYPH O
known VBN O
members NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
class NN O
of IN O
hypolipidaemic JJ O
agents NNS O
known VBN O
as IN O
HMG NNP O
CoA NNP O
reductase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
experience NN O
with IN O
lovastatin NN O
includes VBZ O
over IN O
5000 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
700 CD O
of IN O
whom WP O
have VBP O
been VBN O
treated VBN O
for IN O
2 CD O
years NNS O
or CC O
more JJR O
, , O
and CC O
experience NN O
with IN O
simvastatin NN O
includes VBZ O
over IN O
3500 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
of IN O
whom WP O
350 CD O
have VBP O
been VBN O
treated VBN O
for IN O
18 CD O
months NNS O
or CC O
more JJR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lovastatin NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
marketed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
United NNP O
States NNP O
for IN O
over IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
agents NNS O
show VBP O
substantial JJ O
clinical JJ O
efficacy NN O
, , O
with IN O
reductions NNS O
in IN O
total JJ O
cholesterol NN O
of IN O
over IN O
30 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
in IN O
LDL NN O
- HYPH O
cholesterol NN O
of IN O
40 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Modest JJ O
increases NNS O
in IN O
HDL NNP O
- HYPH O
cholesterol NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
about RB O
10 CD O
% NN O
are VBP O
also RB O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
tolerability NN O
of IN O
both DT O
agents NNS O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
good JJ O
, , O
with IN O
fewer JJR O
than IN O
3 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
withdrawn VBN O
from IN O
treatment NN O
because IN O
of IN O
clinical JJ O
adverse JJ O
experiences NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ophthalmological JJ O
examinations NNS O
in IN O
over IN O
1100 CD O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
one CD O
or CC O
the DT O
other JJ O
agent NN O
have VBP O
revealed VBN O
no DT O
evidence NN O
of IN O
significant JJ O
short JJ O
term NN O
( : O
up IN O
to TO O
2 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
cataractogenic JJ O
potential NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
to TO O
2 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
have VBP O
elevations NNS O
of IN O
serum NN O
transaminases NNS O
to IN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
3 CD O
times NNS O
the DT O
upper JJ O
limit NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
episodes NNS O
are VBP O
asymptomatic JJ O
and CC O
reversible JJ O
when WRB O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
discontinued VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Minor JJ O
elevations NNS O
of IN O
creatine JJ O
kinase NN O
levels NNS O
are VBP O
reported VBN O
in IN O
about RB O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
associated VBN O
in IN O
some DT O
cases NNS O
with IN O
myoglobinuria NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
2 CD O
cases NNS O
with IN O
transient JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
rarely RB O
reported VBN O
with IN O
lovastatin NN O
, , O
especially RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
concomitantly RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
cyclosporin NN O
, , O
gemfibrozil NN O
or CC O
niacin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lovastatin NN O
and CC O
simvastatin NN O
are VBP O
both DT O
effective JJ O
and CC O
well RB O
- HYPH O
tolerated VBN O
agents NNS O
for IN O
lowering VBG O
elevated VBN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
serum NN O
cholesterol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
wider JJR O
use NN O
confirms VBZ O
their PRP$ O
safety NN O
profile NN O
, , O
they PRP O
will MD O
gain VB O
increasing VBG O
importance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
therapeutic JJ O
approach NN O
to IN O
hypercholesterolaemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
its PRP$ O
consequences NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatic JJ O
reactions NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
ketoconazole NN O
in IN O
the DT O
United NNP O
Kingdom NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketoconazole NNP O
was VBD O
introduced VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
United NNP O
Kingdom NNP O
in IN O
1981 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
November NNP O
1984 CD O
the DT O
Committee NNP O
on IN O
Safety NNP O
of IN O
Medicines NNPS O
had VBD O
received VBN O
82 CD O
reports NNS O
of IN O
possible JJ O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
, , O
including VBG O
five CD O
deaths NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
75 CD O
cases NNS O
that WDT O
had VBD O
been VBN O
adequately RB O
followed VBN O
up RP O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
16 CD O
, , O
including VBG O
three CD O
deaths NNS B-Disease
, , O
were VBD O
probably RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
remainder NN O
, , O
48 CD O
were VBD O
possibly RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
five CD O
were VBD O
unlikely JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
so RB O
, , O
and CC O
six CD O
were VBD O
unclassifiable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
age NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
16 CD O
probable JJ O
cases NNS O
was VBD O
57 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
, , O
with IN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
being VBG O
more RBR O
common JJ O
in IN O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
average JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
before IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
jaundice NN B-Disease
was VBD O
61 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
these DT O
well RB O
validated VBN O
cases NNS O
occurred VBD O
within IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
10 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
serum NN O
liver NN O
function NN O
tests NNS O
suggested VBD O
hepatocellular JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
10 CD O
( SYM O
63 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
the DT O
rest NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
mixed JJ O
pattern NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
histological JJ O
examination NN O
of IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
often RB O
showed VBD O
evidence NN O
of IN O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
characteristics NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
48 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
possible JJ O
cases NNS O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Allergic JJ O
manifestations NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
rash NN B-Disease
and CC O
eosinophilia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
rare JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatitis NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
usually RB O
reversible JJ O
when WRB O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
stopped VBN O
, , O
with IN O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
liver NN O
function NN O
tests NNS O
returning VBG O
to IN O
normal JJ O
after IN O
an DT O
average NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
two CD O
of IN O
the DT O
three CD O
deaths NNS B-Disease
probably RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
ketoconazole NN O
treatment NN O
the DT O
drug NN O
had VBD O
been VBN O
continued VBN O
after IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
jaundice NN B-Disease
and CC O
other JJ O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
and CC O
biochemical JJ O
monitoring NN O
at IN O
regular JJ O
intervals NNS O
for IN O
evidence NN O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
advised VBN O
during IN O
long JJ O
term NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
ketoconazole NN O
to TO O
prevent VB O
possible JJ O
serious JJ O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glyburide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
although IN O
common JJ O
, , O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
only RB O
infrequently RB O
with IN O
sulfonylureas NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
glyburide NN O
, , O
a DT O
second JJ O
- HYPH O
generation NN O
sulfonylurea NN O
, , O
only RB O
two CD O
brief JJ O
reports NNS O
of IN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
exist VBP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
type NN B-Disease
II NNP I-Disease
diabetes NN I-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
an DT O
acute JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
soon RB O
after IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
glyburide NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
serologic JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
viral JJ B-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
liver NN O
biopsy NN O
sample NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
histologic JJ O
pattern NN O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
drug NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
induced VBN I-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
patients NNS O
recovered VBD O
quickly RB O
after IN O
stopping VBG O
glyburide NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
have VBP O
remained VBN O
well RB O
for IN O
a DT O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
period NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glyburide NNP O
can MD O
produce VB O
an DT O
acute JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
illness NN I-Disease
in IN O
some DT O
persons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracranial JJ O
pressure NN O
increases VBZ O
during IN O
alfentanil NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rigidity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracranial JJ O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
ICP NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
during IN O
alfentanil NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rigidity NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
rats NNS O
had VBD O
arterial JJ O
, , O
central JJ O
venous NN O
( , O
CVP NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
subdural JJ O
cannulae NN O
inserted VBN O
under IN O
halothane NN O
anesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
mechanically RB O
ventilated VBN O
to TO O
achieve VB O
normocarbia NN O
( , O
PCO2 NN O
= SYM O
42 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
mmHg NN O
, , O
mean VB O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SE NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
instrumentation NN O
, , O
halothane NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
and CC O
alfentanil NN O
( , O
125 CD O
mu NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
administered VBN O
iv NN O
during IN O
emergence NN O
from IN O
halothane NN O
anesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
five CD O
rats NNS O
that WDT O
developed VBD O
somatic JJ B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
, , O
ICP NNP O
and CC O
CVP NNP O
increased VBD O
significantly RB O
above IN O
baseline NN O
( : O
delta NN O
ICP NNP O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mmHg NN O
, , O
delta NN O
CVP NN O
5 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
mmHg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
variables NNS O
returned VBD O
to IN O
baseline NN O
when WRB O
rigidity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
abolished VBN O
with IN O
metocurine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
five CD O
rats NNS O
that WDT O
did VBD O
not RB O
become VB O
rigid JJ O
, , O
ICP NNP O
and CC O
CVP NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
following VBG O
alfentanil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
observations NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
rigidity NN B-Disease
should MD O
be VB O
prevented VBN O
when WRB O
alfentanil NN O
, , O
and CC O
, , O
presumably RB O
, , O
other JJ O
opiates NNS O
, , O
are VBP O
used VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
anesthetic JJ O
management NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
ICP NNP O
problems NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Verapamil NNP O
withdrawal NN O
as IN O
a DT O
possible JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
woman NN O
with IN O
a DT O
normal JJ O
coronary JJ O
angiogram NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Verapamil NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
effective JJ O
and CC O
relatively RB O
- HYPH O
safe JJ O
antihypertensive JJ O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serious JJ O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
uncommon JJ O
and CC O
mainly RB O
have VBP O
been VBN O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
depression NN B-Disease
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
contractility NN O
and CC O
conduction NN O
, , O
especially RB O
when WRB O
the DT O
drug NN O
is VBZ O
combined VBN O
with IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocking VBG O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
in IN O
which WDT O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
coincided VBD O
with IN O
the DT O
introduction NN O
of IN O
captopril NN O
and CC O
the DT O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
verapamil NN O
in IN O
a DT O
previously RB O
asymptomatic JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
severe JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
that WDT O
involve VBP O
a DT O
verapamil NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
platelet NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
vascular JJ O
alpha NN O
2 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoreceptor NN O
affinity NN O
for IN O
catecholamines NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haemolytic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
uraemic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
metronidazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
paper NN O
describes VBZ O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
features NNS O
of IN O
six CD O
children NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
the DT O
haemolytic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
uraemic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
metronidazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
children NNS O
were VBD O
older JJR O
and CC O
were VBD O
more RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
have VB O
undergone VBN O
recent JJ O
bowel NN O
surgery NN O
than IN O
are VBP O
other JJ O
children NNS O
with IN O
this DT O
condition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
the DT O
involvement NN O
of IN O
metronidazole NN O
in IN O
the DT O
aetiology NN O
of IN O
the DT O
haemolytic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
uraemic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
established VBN O
firmly RB O
, , O
the DT O
action NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
in IN O
sensitizing VBG O
tissues NNS O
to IN O
oxidation NN O
injury NN O
and CC O
the DT O
reported JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
oxidation NN O
changes VBZ O
in IN O
the DT O
haemolytic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
uraemic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
suggest VBP O
a DT O
possible JJ O
link NN O
between IN O
metronidazole NN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
some DT O
cases NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
haemolytic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
uraemic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
cardiac JJ O
effects NNS O
during IN O
induction NN O
chemotherapy NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
platin NN O
and CC O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Survival NN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
head NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
neck NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
and CC O
esophageal JJ B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
poor JJ O
with IN O
radiotherapy NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Obviously RB O
, , O
there EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
need NN O
for IN O
effective JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
platin NN O
( , O
80 CD O
- SYM O
120 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2BSA NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
( SYM O
1000 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2BSA NN O
daily RB O
as IN O
a DT O
continuous JJ O
infusion NN O
during IN O
5 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
given VBN O
to IN O
76 CD O
patients NNS O
before IN O
radiotherapy NN O
and CC O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
clarify VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
cardiac JJ O
effects NNS O
to IN O
this DT O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Before IN O
treatment NN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
cardiac JJ O
evaluation NN O
and CC O
during IN O
treatment NN O
serial JJ O
ECG NNP O
recordings NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
treatment NN O
evaluation NN O
, , O
signs NNS O
of IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
33 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
43 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
adverse JJ O
cardiac JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
14 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
18 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
age NN O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
was VBD O
the DT O
same JJ O
as IN O
for IN O
the DT O
entire JJ O
group NN O
, , O
64 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
not RB O
higher JJR O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
signs NNS O
of IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
than IN O
in IN O
those DT O
without IN O
in IN O
the DT O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
treatment NN O
evaluation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
were VBD O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
ST NN O
- HYPH O
T NNP O
wave NN O
changes NNS O
and CC O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
followed VBN O
by IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
in IN O
one CD O
patient NN O
and CC O
sudden JJ B-Disease
death NN I-Disease
in IN O
another DT O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
patients NNS O
on IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NNP O
treatment NN O
should MD O
be VB O
under IN O
close JJ O
supervision NN O
and CC O
that IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
should MD O
be VB O
discontinued VBN O
if IN O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
or CC O
tachyarrhythmia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Death NN B-Disease
from IN O
chemotherapy NN O
in IN O
gestational JJ B-Disease
trophoblastic JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Multiple JJ O
cytotoxic JJ O
drug NN O
administration NN O
is VBZ O
the DT O
generally RB O
accepted VBN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
stage NN O
of IN O
choriocarcinoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
this DT O
principle NN O
a DT O
27 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
old JJ O
woman NN O
, , O
classified VBN O
as IN O
being VBG O
in IN O
the DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
group NN O
( : O
Goldstein NNP O
and CC O
Berkowitz NNP O
score NN O
: : O
11 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
multiple JJ O
cytotoxic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
multiple JJ O
drug NN O
schema NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
: : O
Etoposide NNP O
16 CD O
. . O
213 CD O
, , O
Methotrexate NNP O
, , O
Cyclophosphamide NNP O
, , O
Actomycin NNP O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
, , O
and CC O
Cisplatin NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
the DT O
schedule NN O
, , O
moderate JJ O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
Methotrexate NNP O
, , O
Etoposide NNP O
and CC O
Cyclophosphamide NNP O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Within IN O
8 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
the DT O
patient NN O
died VBD O
with IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
picture NN O
resembling VBG O
massive JJ O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
obstruction NN I-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
choriocarcinomic JJ O
tissue NN O
plugs NNS O
, , O
probably RB O
originating VBG O
from IN O
the DT O
uterus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Formation NN O
of IN O
these DT O
plugs NNS O
was VBD O
probably RB O
due JJ O
to IN O
extensive JJ O
tumor NN B-Disease
necrosis NN B-Disease
at IN O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
the DT O
walls NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
major JJ O
uterine NN O
veins NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
an DT O
open JJ O
exchange NN O
of IN O
tumor NN B-Disease
plugs NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
vascular JJ O
spaces NNS O
; , O
decrease NN O
in IN O
tumor NN B-Disease
tissue NN O
coherence NN O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
chemotherapy NN O
may MD O
have VB O
further RB O
contributed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
formation NN O
of IN O
tumor NN B-Disease
emboli NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
view NN O
of IN O
the DT O
close JJ O
time NN O
association NN O
between IN O
the DT O
start NN O
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
and CC O
the DT O
acute JJ O
onset NN O
of IN O
massive JJ O
embolism NN B-Disease
other JJ O
explanations NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
spontaneous JJ O
necrosis NN B-Disease
, , O
must MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
less RBR O
likely JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
with IN O
large JJ O
pelvic JJ B-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
loads NNS O
are VBP O
, , O
according VBG O
to IN O
existing VBG O
classifications NNS O
, , O
at IN O
high JJ O
risk NN O
to TO O
die VB O
and CC O
to TO O
develop VB O
drug NN O
resistance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Notwithstanding IN O
these DT O
facts NNS O
our PRP$ O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
might MD O
benefit VB O
from IN O
relatively RB O
mild JJ O
initial JJ O
treatment NN O
, , O
especially RB O
true JJ O
for IN O
patients NNS O
not RB O
previously RB O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Close JJ O
observation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
response NN O
status NN O
both CC O
clinically RB O
and CC O
with IN O
beta JJ O
- HYPH O
hCG NN O
values NNS O
may MD O
indicate VB O
whether IN O
and CC O
when WRB O
more RBR O
agressive JJ O
combination NN O
chemotherapy NN O
should MD O
be VB O
started VBN O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) : O
null null null-Disease
Pulmonary JJ O
shunt NN O
and CC O
cardiovascular JJ O
responses NNS O
to IN O
CPAP NNP O
during IN O
nitroprusside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
continuous JJ O
positive JJ O
airway NN O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
CPAP NNP O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
dynamics NNS O
and CC O
pulmonary JJ O
shunt NN O
( , O
QS NNP O
/ SYM O
QT NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
12 CD O
dogs NNS O
before IN O
and CC O
during IN O
sodium NN O
nitroprusside NN O
infusion NN O
that WDT O
decreased VBD O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
40 CD O
- SYM O
50 CD O
per NN O
cent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Before IN O
nitroprusside NN O
infusion NN O
, , O
5 CD O
cm NN O
H2O NN O
CPAP NN O
significantly RB O
, , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
. . O
05 CD O
, , O
decreased VBD O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
but CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
alter VB O
heart NN O
rate NN O
, , O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
, , O
systemic JJ O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
, , O
or CC O
QS NNP O
/ SYM O
QT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
cm NN O
H2O NNP O
CPAP NN O
before IN O
nitroprusside NN O
infusion NN O
produced VBD O
a DT O
further JJ O
decrease NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
arterial JJ I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
and CC O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
decreased VBN B-Disease
cardiac JJ I-Disease
output NN I-Disease
and CC O
QS NNP O
/ SYM O
QT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nitroprusside NN O
caused VBD O
significant JJ O
decreases NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
arterial JJ I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
and CC O
systemic JJ O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
and CC O
increases NNS O
in IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
, , O
but CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
or CC O
QS NNP O
/ SYM O
QT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
cm NN O
H2O NNP O
CPAP NN O
during IN O
nitroprusside NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
further RB O
alter VB O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
above RB O
- HYPH O
mentioned VBN O
variables NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
10 CD O
cm NN O
H2O NNP O
CPAP NN O
decreased VBD O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
, , O
and CC O
QS NN O
/ SYM O
QT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
nitroprusside NN O
infusion NN O
rates NNS O
that WDT O
decrease VBP O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
by IN O
40 CD O
- SYM O
50 CD O
per NN O
cent NN O
do VBP O
not RB O
change VB O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
or CC O
QS NNP O
/ SYM O
QT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
nitroprusside JJ O
infusion NN O
low JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
CPAP NNP O
do VBP O
not RB O
markedly RB O
alter VB O
cardiovascular JJ O
dynamics NNS O
, , O
but CC O
high JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
CPAP NNP O
( -LRB- O
10 CD O
cm NN O
H2O NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
while IN O
decreasing VBG O
QS NNP O
/ SYM O
QT NNP O
, , O
produce VBP O
marked JJ O
decreases NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
arterial JJ I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
cardiac JJ I-Disease
output NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systolic JJ O
pressure NN O
variation NN O
is VBZ O
greater JJR O
during IN O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
than IN O
during IN O
sodium NN O
nitroprusside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
ventilated VBN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
systolic JJ O
pressure NN O
variation NN O
( -LRB- O
SPV NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
difference NN O
between IN O
the DT O
maximal JJ O
and CC O
minimal JJ O
values NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
SBP NNP O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
one CD O
positive JJ O
- HYPH O
pressure NN O
breath NN O
, , O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
ventilated VBN O
dogs NNS O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
to IN O
50 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
for IN O
30 CD O
minutes NNS O
either CC O
by IN O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
( , O
HEM NNP B-Disease
, , O
n NN O
= SYM O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
by IN O
continuous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
sodium NN O
nitroprusside NN O
( : O
SNP NNP O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
HEM NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
the DT O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
and CC O
systemic JJ O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
higher JJR O
compared VBN O
with IN O
that DT O
in IN O
the DT O
SNP NNP O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
systemic JJ O
, , O
central JJ O
venous JJ O
, , O
pulmonary JJ O
capillary NN O
wedge NN O
pressures NNS O
, , O
and CC O
heart NN O
rates NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
respiratory JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
waveform NN O
enabled VBD O
differentiation NN O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
SPV NNP O
during IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
was VBD O
15 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
in IN O
the DT O
HEM NNP B-Disease
group NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
9 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
in IN O
the DT O
SNP NNP O
group NN O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
delta NN O
down RB O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
measure NN O
of IN O
decrease NN O
of IN O
SBP NNP O
after IN O
a DT O
mechanical JJ O
breath NN O
, , O
was VBD O
20 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
8 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
in IN O
the DT O
HEM NNP B-Disease
and CC O
SNP NNP O
groups NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
during IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
SPV NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
delta NN O
down RB O
are VBP O
characteristic JJ O
of IN O
a DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
state NN O
due IN O
to IN O
a DT O
predominant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
preload NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
are VBP O
thus RB O
more RBR O
important JJ O
during IN O
absolute JJ O
hypovolemia NN B-Disease
than IN O
during IN O
deliberate JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachyarrhythmias NNS I-Disease
during IN O
cesarean JJ O
section NN O
after IN O
ritodrine NN O
therapy NN O
: : O
interaction NN O
with IN O
anesthetics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
illustrates VBZ O
that IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
ritodrine NN O
for IN O
preterm JJ B-Disease
labor NN I-Disease
may MD O
risk VB O
interactions NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
residual JJ O
betamimetic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
ritodrine NN O
and CC O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
anesthetics NNS O
during IN O
cesarean JJ O
section NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
interactions NNS O
may MD O
result VB O
in IN O
serious JJ O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
even RB O
after IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
an DT O
infusion NN O
of IN O
ritodrine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Preoperative JJ O
assessment NN O
should MD O
focus VB O
on IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
status NN O
and CC O
serum NN O
potassium NN O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delaying VBG O
induction NN O
of IN O
anesthesia NN O
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
whenever WRB O
possible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Careful JJ O
fluid JJ O
administration NN O
and CC O
cautious JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
titrated VBN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
ephedrine NN O
are VBP O
advised VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
delivery NN O
of IN O
the DT O
infant NN O
, , O
there EX O
should MD O
be VB O
no DT O
contraindication NN O
to IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
an DT O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
vasopressor NN O
such JJ O
as IN O
phenylephrine NN O
to TO O
treat VB O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Verapamil NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
carbamazepine NN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
report NN O
of IN O
two CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
signs NNS O
of IN O
carbamazepine NN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
after IN O
combined VBN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
verapamil NN O
showed VBD O
complete JJ O
recovery NN O
after IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
calcium NN O
entry NN O
blocker NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Use NN O
of IN O
verapamil NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
carbamazepine NN O
should MD O
either CC O
be VB O
avoided VBN O
or CC O
prescribed VBN O
only RB O
with IN O
appropriate JJ O
adjustment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
carbamazepine NN O
dose NN O
( , O
usually RB O
reduction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
carbamazepine NN O
dose NN O
by IN O
one CD O
half NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Paracetamol NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
coma NN B-Disease
, , O
metabolic JJ B-Disease
acidosis NN I-Disease
, , O
renal NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
metabolic JJ B-Disease
acidosis NN I-Disease
, , O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
following VBG O
paracetamol NN O
ingestion NN O
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
diagnostic JJ O
difficulty NN O
at IN O
presentation NN O
is VBZ O
highlighted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Continuous JJ O
arteriovenous JJ O
haemofiltration NN O
proved VBD O
a DT O
valuable JJ O
means NN O
of IN O
maintaining VBG O
fluid NN O
and CC O
electrolyte NN O
balance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
recovered VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
among IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
arthritis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
relationship NN O
of IN O
arthritis NN B-Disease
and CC O
sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
among IN O
169 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
rheumatoid NN B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
, , O
osteoarthritis NN B-Disease
and CC O
spondyloarthropathy NN B-Disease
, , O
130 CD O
of IN O
whom WP O
were VBD O
pair NN O
- HYPH O
matched VBN O
to IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Assessments NNS O
of IN O
marital JJ O
happiness NN O
and CC O
depressed VBN B-Disease
mood NN I-Disease
were VBD O
also RB O
made VBN O
using VBG O
the DT O
CES NNP O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
Azrin NNP O
Marital NNP O
Happiness NNP O
Scale NNP O
( -LRB- O
AMHS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunctions NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
common JJ O
among IN O
patients NNS O
and CC O
controls NNS O
, , O
the DT O
majority NN O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
reporting VBG O
one CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
dysfunctions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Impotence NN B-Disease
was VBD O
more RBR O
common JJ O
among IN O
male JJ O
patients NNS O
than IN O
controls NNS O
and CC O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
co NN O
- HYPH O
morbidity NN O
and CC O
the DT O
taking NN O
of IN O
methotrexate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Depressed JJ B-Disease
mood NN I-Disease
was VBD O
more RBR O
common JJ O
among IN O
patients NNS O
and CC O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
certain JJ O
sexual JJ O
difficulties NNS O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
with IN O
impotence NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Marital JJ O
unhappiness NN O
, , O
as IN O
indicated VBN O
by IN O
AMHS NNP O
scores NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
arthritis NN B-Disease
but CC O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
, , O
sexual JJ O
dissatisfaction NN O
and CC O
being VBG O
female JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Does VBZ O
paracetamol NN O
cause VB O
urothelial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
or CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
papillary NN I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
? . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
developing VBG O
renal JJ B-Disease
papillary NN I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
or CC O
cancer NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
pelvis NN I-Disease
, , I-Disease
ureter NN I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
consumption NN O
of IN O
either CC O
phenacetin NN O
or CC O
paracetamol NN O
was VBD O
calculated VBN O
from IN O
data NNS O
acquired VBN O
by IN O
questionnaire NN O
from IN O
381 CD O
cases NNS O
and CC O
808 CD O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
papillary NN I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
was VBD O
increased VBN O
nearly RB O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
by IN O
consumption NN O
of IN O
phenacetin NN O
, , O
which WDT O
also RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
risk NN O
for IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
pelvis NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
but CC O
not RB O
for IN O
ureteric JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
we PRP O
were VBD O
unable JJ O
to TO O
substantiate VB O
an DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
from IN O
paracetamol NN O
consumption NN O
for IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
papillary NN I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
or CC O
any DT O
of IN O
these DT O
cancers NNS B-Disease
although IN O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
suggestion NN O
of IN O
an DT O
association NN O
with IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
ureter NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dapsone NNP O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
Heinz NNP O
body NN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
Cambodian JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
hemoglobin NN O
E NN O
trait NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
Cambodian JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
hemoglobin NN O
E NN O
trait NN O
( , O
AE NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
leprosy NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
a DT O
Heinz NNP O
body NN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
while IN O
taking VBG O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
dapsone NN O
( : O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
not RB O
usually RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
red JJ O
blood NN O
cells NNS O
( , O
RBCs NNP O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
increased VBN O
incubated VBN O
Heinz NNP O
body NN O
formation NN O
, , O
decreased VBN O
reduced VBN O
glutathione NN O
( , O
GSH NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
decreased VBN O
GSH NNP O
stability NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pentose NN O
phosphate NN O
shunt NN O
activity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dapsone NN O
- HYPH O
exposed VBN O
AE NNP O
RBCs NNP O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
normal JJ O
RBCs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
AE NNP O
RBCs NNP O
from IN O
an DT O
individual NN O
not RB O
taking VBG O
dapsone NN O
had VBD O
increased VBN O
incubated VBN O
Heinz NNP O
body NN O
formation NN O
, , O
the DT O
GSH NNP O
content NN O
and CC O
GSH NNP O
stability NN O
were VBD O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pentose NN O
phosphate NN O
shunt NN O
activity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
dapsone NN O
- HYPH O
exposed VBN O
AE NNP O
RBCs NNP O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
normal JJ O
RBCs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
AE NNP O
RBCs NNPS O
appear VBP O
to TO O
have VB O
an DT O
increased VBN O
sensitivity NN O
to IN O
oxidant NN O
stress NN O
both CC O
in IN O
vitro NN O
and CC O
in IN O
vivo NN O
, , O
since IN O
dapsone NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
cause VB O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
at IN O
this DT O
dose NN O
in IN O
hematologically RB O
normal JJ O
individuals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Given VBN O
the DT O
influx NN O
of IN O
Southeast NNP O
Asians NNPS O
into IN O
the DT O
United NNP O
States NNP O
, , O
oxidant NN O
medications NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
with IN O
caution NN O
, , O
especially RB O
if IN O
an DT O
infection NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
present JJ O
, , O
in IN O
individuals NNS O
of IN O
ethnic JJ O
backgrounds NNS O
that WDT O
have VBP O
an DT O
increased VBN O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
hemoglobin NN O
E NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
complications NNS O
of IN O
antianginal JJ O
drug NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
identified VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
poor JJ O
metabolizer NN O
of IN O
metoprolol NN O
, , O
propafenone NN O
, , O
diltiazem NN O
, , O
and CC O
sparteine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
47 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
patient NN O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
was VBD O
admitted VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
CCU NNP O
in IN O
shock NN B-Disease
with IN O
III NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AV NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
, , O
severe JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
impairment NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
week NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
admission NN O
a DT O
therapy NN O
with IN O
standard JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
metoprolol NN O
( : O
100 CD O
mg NN O
t NN O
. . O
i LS O
. . O
d -RRB- O
. . O
and CC O
then RB O
100 CD O
mg NN O
b NN O
. . O
i PRP O
. . O
d NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
been VBN O
initiated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
days NNS O
before IN O
admission NN O
diltiazem NN O
( : O
60 CD O
mg NN O
b NN O
. . O
i PRP O
. . O
d NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
prescribed VBN O
in IN O
addition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Analyses NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
blood NN O
sample NN O
revealed VBD O
unusually RB O
high JJ O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
metoprolol NN O
( , O
greater JJR O
than IN O
3000 CD O
ng NNS O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
diltiazem NN O
( : O
526 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
recovered VBD O
within IN O
1 CD O
week NN O
following VBG O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
antianginal JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
months NNS O
later RB O
the DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
metoprolol NN O
, , O
diltiazem NN O
, , O
propafenone NN O
( , O
since IN O
he PRP O
had VBD O
received VBN O
this DT O
drug NN O
in IN O
the DT O
past NN O
) , O
, , O
and CC O
sparteine NN O
( , O
as IN O
a DT O
probe NN O
for IN O
the DT O
debrisoquine NN O
/ SYM O
sparteine NN O
type NN O
polymorphism NN O
of IN O
oxidative JJ O
drug NN O
metabolism NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
found VBN O
that IN O
he PRP O
was VBD O
a DT O
poor JJ O
metabolizer NN O
of IN O
all DT O
four CD O
drugs NNS O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
their PRP$ O
metabolism NN O
is VBZ O
under IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
genetic JJ O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
patients NNS O
belonging VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
poor JJ O
- HYPH O
metabolizer NN O
phenotype NN O
of IN O
sparteine NN O
/ SYM O
debrisoquine NN O
polymorphism NN O
in IN O
drug NN O
metabolism NN O
, , O
which WDT O
constitutes VBZ O
6 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
German JJ O
population NN O
, , O
may MD O
experience VB O
adverse JJ B-Disease
drug NN I-Disease
reactions NNS I-Disease
when WRB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
standard JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
one CD O
of IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
the DT O
coadministration NN O
of IN O
these DT O
frequently RB O
used VBN O
drugs NNS O
is VBZ O
expected VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
especially RB O
harmful JJ O
in IN O
this DT O
subgroup NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
experiences NNS O
in IN O
an DT O
open JJ O
and CC O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
sixty CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
trated VBN O
with IN O
bromperidol NN O
first JJ O
in IN O
open JJ O
conditions NNS O
( : O
20 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
then RB O
on IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
blind JJ O
basis NN O
( : O
40 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
haloperidol NN O
as IN O
the DT O
reference NN O
substance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
open JJ O
study NN O
lasted VBD O
for IN O
four CD O
weeks NNS O
; : O
the DT O
drug NN O
was VBD O
administrated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
form NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
mg NN O
tablets NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
( , O
initial JJ O
dose NN O
: : O
1 CD O
mg NN O
; : O
mean JJ O
dose NN O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
trial NN O
: : O
4 CD O
. . O
47 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
always RB O
administered VBN O
in IN O
one CD O
single JJ O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nineteen CD O
patients NNS O
finished VBD O
the DT O
trial NN O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
18 CD O
cases NNS O
the DT O
therapeutic JJ O
result NN O
was VBD O
considered VBN O
very RB O
good JJ O
to IN O
good JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
were VBD O
confirmed VBN O
by IN O
statistical JJ O
analysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nine CD O
patients NNS O
exhibited VBD O
mild JJ O
to IN O
moderate JJ O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
concomitant JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
; : O
no DT O
other JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
detailed JJ O
laboratory NN O
tests NNS O
and CC O
evaluations NNS O
of IN O
various JJ O
quantitative JJ O
and CC O
qualitative JJ O
tolerability NN O
parameters NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
indicative JJ O
of IN O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
double JJ O
blind JJ O
study NN O
with IN O
haloperidol NN O
, , O
both DT O
substances NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
highly RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
psychotic JJ B-Disease
syndromes NNS I-Disease
belonging VBG I-Disease
predominantly RB I-Disease
to IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
schizophrenia NN I-Disease
group NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Certain JJ O
clues NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
action NN O
, , O
seem VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
indicative JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
superiority NN O
of IN O
bromperidol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
differences NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
and CC O
general JJ O
tolerability NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolonged VBN O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
after IN O
troleandomycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
in IN O
whom WP O
troleandomycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
followed VBN O
by IN O
prolonged VBN O
anicteric JJ O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Jaundice NNP B-Disease
occurred VBD O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
troleandomycin NN O
for IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
and CC O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
hypereosinophilia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Jaundice NNP B-Disease
disappeared VBD O
within IN O
3 CD O
months NNS O
but CC O
was VBD O
followed VBN O
by IN O
prolonged VBN O
anicteric JJ O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
marked VBN O
by IN O
pruritus NN B-Disease
and CC O
high JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
alkaline NN O
phosphatase NN O
and CC O
gammaglutamyltransferase NN O
activities NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
pruritus NN B-Disease
disappeared VBD O
within IN O
19 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
and CC O
liver NN O
tests NNS O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
27 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
observation NN O
demonstrates VBZ O
that IN O
prolonged VBN O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
can MD O
follow VB O
troleandomycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serial JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
auditory JJ B-Disease
neurotoxicity NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
deferoxamine NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Visual JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
auditory JJ I-Disease
neurotoxicity NN I-Disease
was VBD O
previously RB O
documented VBN O
in IN O
42 CD O
of IN O
89 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
transfusion NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
anemia NN B-Disease
who WP O
were VBD O
receiving VBG O
iron NN O
chelation NN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
daily JJ O
subcutaneous JJ O
deferoxamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
two CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
affected JJ O
group NN O
had VBD O
abnormal JJ B-Disease
audiograms NNS I-Disease
with IN I-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
mostly RB I-Disease
in IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
high JJ I-Disease
frequency JJ I-Disease
range NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
4 CD I-Disease
, , I-Disease
000 CD I-Disease
to IN I-Disease
8 CD I-Disease
, , I-Disease
000 CD I-Disease
Hz NN I-Disease
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
hearing NN O
threshold NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
30 CD O
to TO O
100 CD O
decibels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
deferoxamine NN O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
and CC O
serial JJ O
studies NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
, , O
audiograms NNS O
in IN O
seven CD O
cases NNS O
reverted VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
or CC O
near IN O
normal JJ O
within IN O
two CD O
to IN O
three CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
and CC O
nine CD O
of IN O
13 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
symptoms NNS O
became VBD O
asymptomatic JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Audiograms NNS O
from IN O
15 CD O
patients NNS O
remained VBD O
abnormal JJ O
and CC O
four CD O
patients NNS O
required VBD O
hearing NN O
aids NNS O
because IN O
of IN O
permanent JJ B-Disease
disability NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
18 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
22 CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
initially RB O
receiving VBG O
deferoxamine NN O
doses NNS O
in IN O
excess NN O
of IN O
the DT O
commonly RB O
recommended VBN O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
per IN O
dose NN O
, , O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
restarted VBN O
with IN O
lower JJR O
doses NNS O
, , O
usually RB O
50 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
dose NN O
or CC O
less RBR O
depending VBG O
on IN O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
auditory JJ B-Disease
abnormality NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
with IN O
the DT O
exception NN O
of IN O
two CD O
cases NNS O
no DT O
further JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
demonstrated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Auditory JJ O
deterioration NN O
and CC O
improvement NN O
, , O
demonstrated VBN O
serially RB O
in IN O
individual JJ O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
and CC O
not RB O
receiving VBG O
deferoxamine NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
provided VBD O
convincing JJ O
evidence NN O
for IN O
a DT O
cause NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
relation NN O
between IN O
deferoxamine NN O
administration NN O
and CC O
ototoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
these DT O
data NNS O
, , O
a DT O
plan NN O
of IN O
management NN O
was VBD O
developed VBN O
that WDT O
allows VBZ O
effective JJ O
yet RB O
safe JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
deferoxamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
50 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
is VBZ O
recommended VBN O
in IN O
those DT O
without IN O
audiogram NN O
abnormalities NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
mild JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
a DT O
reduction NN O
to IN O
30 CD O
or CC O
40 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
dose NN O
should MD O
result VB O
in IN O
a DT O
reversal NN O
of IN O
the DT O
abnormal JJ O
results NNS O
to IN O
normal JJ O
within IN O
four CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moderate JJ O
abnormalities NNS O
require VBP O
a DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
deferoxamine NN O
to IN O
25 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
dose NN O
with IN O
careful JJ O
monitoring NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
those DT O
with IN O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
, , O
the DT O
drug NN O
should MD O
be VB O
stopped VBN O
for IN O
four CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
and CC O
when WRB O
the DT O
audiogram NN O
is VBZ O
stable JJ O
or CC O
improved VBN O
, , O
therapy NN O
should MD O
be VB O
restarted VBN O
at IN O
10 CD O
to IN O
25 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serial JJ O
audiograms NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
performed VBN O
every DT O
six CD O
months NNS O
in IN O
those DT O
without IN O
problems NNS O
and CC O
more RBR O
frequently RB O
in IN O
young JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
normal JJ O
serum JJ O
ferritin NN O
values NNS O
and CC O
in IN O
those DT O
with IN O
auditory JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lidocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
asystole NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
50 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
bolus NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
in IN O
a DT O
67 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
profound JJ O
depression NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
activity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sinoatrial NN O
and CC O
atrioventricular JJ O
nodal JJ O
pacemakers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
apparent JJ O
associated VBN O
conditions NNS O
which WDT O
might MD O
have VB O
predisposed VBN O
him PRP O
to IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
bradyarrhythmias NN B-Disease
; : O
and CC O
, , O
thus RB O
, , O
this DT O
probably RB O
represented VBD O
a DT O
true JJ O
idiosyncrasy NN O
to IN O
lidocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flurbiprofen NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
juvenile JJ B-Disease
rheumatoid NN I-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
four CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
juvenile JJ B-Disease
rheumatoid NN I-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
, , O
who WP O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
flurbiprofen NN O
at IN O
a DT O
maximum JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
4 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
, , O
had VBD O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
decreases NNS O
from IN O
baseline NN O
in IN O
6 CD O
arthritis NN B-Disease
indices NNS O
after IN O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Improvements NNS O
were VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
tender NN B-Disease
joints NNS I-Disease
, , O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
swelling NN B-Disease
and CC O
tenderness NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
walk NN O
50 CD O
feet NNS O
, , O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
morning NN B-Disease
stiffness NN I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
circumference NN O
of IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
knee NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
frequently RB O
observed VBN O
side NN O
effect NN O
was VBD O
fecal JJ B-Disease
occult JJ I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
( , O
25 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
other JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
( , I-Disease
GI NN I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
bleeding NN I-Disease
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
was VBD O
prematurely RB O
discontinued VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
study NN O
for IN O
severe JJ O
headache NN B-Disease
and CC O
abdominal JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Most JJS O
side NN O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
mild JJ O
and CC O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
GI NNP O
tract NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hyperkalemia NNP B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
sulindac NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hyperkalemia NNP B-Disease
has VBZ O
recently RB O
been VBN O
recognized VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
complication NN O
of IN O
nonsteroidal JJ O
antiinflammatory JJ O
agents NNS O
( , O
NSAID NNP O
) -RRB- O
such JJ O
as IN O
indomethacin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Several JJ O
recent JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
stressed VBN O
the DT O
renal JJ O
sparing VBG O
features NNS O
of IN O
sulindac NN O
, , O
owing VBG O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
lack NN O
of IN O
interference NN O
with IN O
renal JJ O
prostacyclin NN O
synthesis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
4 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
whom WP O
hyperkalemia NN B-Disease
ranging VBG O
from IN O
6 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
to IN O
6 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
mEq NNS O
/ SYM O
l NN O
developed VBN O
within IN O
3 CD O
to TO O
8 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
sulindac NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
all DT O
of IN O
them PRP O
normal JJ O
serum NN O
potassium NN O
levels NNS O
reached VBN O
within IN O
2 CD O
to TO O
4 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
stopping VBG O
sulindac NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
no DT O
other JJ O
medications NNS O
known VBN O
to TO O
effect VB O
serum NN O
potassium NN O
had VBD O
been VBN O
given VBN O
concomitantly RB O
, , O
this DT O
course NN O
of IN O
events NNS O
is VBZ O
suggestive JJ O
of IN O
a DT O
cause NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
relationship NN O
between IN O
sulindac NN O
and CC O
hyperkalemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
observations NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
initial JJ O
hopes NNS O
that IN O
sulindac NN O
may MD O
not RB O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
adverse JJ O
renal JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
other JJ O
NSAID NNP O
are VBP O
probably RB O
not RB O
justified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
arterial JJ O
spasm NN B-Disease
relieved VBN O
by IN O
lidocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
major JJ O
intracranial JJ O
surgery NN O
in IN O
a DT O
35 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
, , O
sodium NN O
pentothal NN O
was VBD O
intravenously RB O
infused VBN O
to TO O
minimize VB O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
ischaemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intense JJ O
vasospasm NN B-Disease
with IN O
threatened VBN O
gangrene NN B-Disease
arose VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
arm NN O
used VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
the DT O
cranial JJ O
condition NN O
precluded VBD O
use NN O
of IN O
more RBR O
usual JJ O
methods NNS O
, , O
lidocaine NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
intra NN O
- : O
arterially RB O
, , O
with IN O
careful JJ O
cardiovascular JJ O
monitoring NN O
, , O
to TO O
counteract VB O
the DT O
vasospasm NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
rapidly RB O
successful JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Regional JJ O
localization NN O
of IN O
the DT O
antagonism NN O
of IN O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
by IN O
intracerebral JJ O
calcitonin NN O
injections NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Calcitonin NN O
receptors NNS O
are VBP O
found VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
, , O
and CC O
intracerebral JJ O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
calcitonin NN O
can MD O
produce VB O
behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
these DT O
behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
food NN O
intake NN O
and CC O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
previous JJ O
experiments NNS O
we PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
food NN O
intake NN O
were VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
local JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
calcitonin NN O
into IN O
several JJ O
hypothalamic JJ O
sites NNS O
and CC O
into IN O
the DT O
nucleus NN O
accumbens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
experiment NN O
calcitonin NN O
decreased VBD O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
when WRB O
locally RB O
injected VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
sites NNS O
where WRB O
it PRP O
decreases VBZ O
food NN O
intake NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
areas NNS O
where WRB O
calcitonin NN O
is VBZ O
most RBS O
effective JJ O
in IN O
decreasing VBG O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
are VBP O
located VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
hypothalamus NN O
and CC O
nucleus NN O
accumbens NNS O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
these DT O
areas NNS O
are VBP O
the DT O
major JJ O
sites NNS O
of IN O
action NN O
of IN O
calcitonin NN O
in IN O
inhibiting VBG O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hematologic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
cefonicid NN O
and CC O
cefazedone NN O
in IN O
the DT O
dog NN O
: : O
a DT O
potential JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
cephalosporin NN O
hematotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
man NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cephalosporin NN O
antibiotics NNS O
cause VBP O
a DT O
variety NN O
of IN O
hematologic JJ B-Disease
disturbances NNS I-Disease
in IN O
man NN O
, , O
the DT O
pathogeneses NNS O
and CC O
hematopathology NN O
of IN O
which WDT O
remain VBP O
poorly RB O
characterized VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
need NN O
for IN O
a DT O
well RB O
- HYPH O
defined VBN O
animal NN O
model NN O
in IN O
which WDT O
these DT O
blood NN B-Disease
dyscrasias NNS I-Disease
can MD O
be VB O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
four CD O
subacute JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
studies NNS O
, , O
the DT O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
cefonicid NN O
or CC O
cefazedone NN O
to IN O
beagle NN O
dogs NNS O
caused VBD O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
anemia NN B-Disease
, , O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
after IN O
1 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
nonregenerative JJ O
anemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
the DT O
most RBS O
compromising JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
cytopenias NNS B-Disease
and CC O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
approximately RB O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
dogs NNS O
receiving VBG O
400 CD O
- SYM O
500 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
cefonicid NN O
or CC O
540 CD O
- SYM O
840 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
cefazedone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
three CD O
cytopenias NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
completely RB O
reversible JJ O
following VBG O
cessation NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
; : O
the DT O
time NN O
required VBN O
for IN O
recovery NN O
of IN O
the DT O
erythron NN O
( : O
approximately RB O
1 CD O
month NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
considerably RB O
longer JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
granulocytes NNS O
and CC O
platelets NNS O
( , O
hours NNS O
to IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Upon IN O
rechallenge NN O
with IN O
either CC O
cephalosporin NN O
, , O
the DT O
hematologic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
was VBD O
reproduced VBN O
in IN O
most JJS O
dogs NNS O
tested VBN O
; : O
cefonicid NN O
( , O
but CC O
not RB O
cefazedone NN O
) , O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
dogs NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
substantially RB O
reduced VBN O
induction NN O
period NN O
( : O
15 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
5 CD O
days NNS O
) , O
compared VBN O
to IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
exposure NN O
to IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
( : O
61 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
24 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
observation NN O
, , O
along IN O
with IN O
the DT O
rapid JJ O
rate NN O
of IN O
decline NN O
in IN O
red JJ O
cell NN O
mass NN O
parameters NNS O
of IN O
affected VBN O
dogs NNS O
, , O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
a DT O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
component NN O
complicated VBD O
the DT O
red JJ O
cell NN O
production NN O
problem NN O
and CC O
that IN O
multiple JJ O
toxicologic JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
contributed VBD O
to IN O
the DT O
cytopenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
cefonicid NN O
or CC O
cefazedone NN O
to IN O
dogs NNS O
can MD O
induce VB O
hematotoxicity NN B-Disease
similar JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
cephalosporin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
blood NN B-Disease
dyscrasias NNS I-Disease
described VBN O
in IN O
man NN O
and CC O
thus RB O
provides VBZ O
a DT O
useful JJ O
model NN O
for IN O
studying VBG O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
disorders NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
and CC O
metabolism NN O
during IN O
isoflurane NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
surgery NN O
for IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
aneurysms NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
and CC O
cerebral JJ O
metabolic JJ O
rate NN O
for IN O
oxygen NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
during IN O
isoflurane NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
craniotomy NN O
for IN O
clipping NN O
of IN O
a DT O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
aneurysm NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flow NN O
and CC O
metabolism NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
5 CD O
- SYM O
13 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
subarachnoid NN B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
by IN O
a DT O
modification NN O
of IN O
the DT O
classical JJ O
Kety NNP O
- HYPH O
Schmidt NNP O
technique NN O
using VBG O
xenon NN O
- HYPH O
133 CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
Anaesthesia NN O
was VBD O
maintained VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
inspired VBN O
isoflurane NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
% NN O
( , O
plus CC O
67 CD O
% NN O
nitrous JJ O
oxide NN O
in IN O
oxygen NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
during IN O
which WDT O
CBF NNP O
and CC O
CMRO2 NNP O
were VBD O
34 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
ml CD O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
g CD O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
32 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
16 CD O
ml CD O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
g CD O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
at IN O
PaCO2 NN O
4 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
kPa NN O
( : O
mean JJ O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SEM NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Controlled VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
to IN O
an DT O
average JJ O
MAP NNP O
of IN O
50 CD O
- SYM O
55 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
increasing VBG O
the DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
isoflurane NN O
, , O
and CC O
maintained VBN O
at IN O
an DT O
inspired JJ O
concentration NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
CMRO2 NNP O
( : O
to IN O
1 CD O
. . O
73 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
16 CD O
ml CD O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
g NN O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
while IN O
CBF NNP O
was VBD O
unchanged JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
the DT O
clipping NN O
of IN O
the DT O
aneurysm NN B-Disease
the DT O
isoflurane JJ O
concentration NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
CBF NNP O
, , O
although IN O
CMRO2 NNP O
was VBD O
unchanged JJ O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
values NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
changes NNS O
might MD O
offer VB O
protection NN O
to IN O
brain NN O
tissue NN O
during IN O
periods NNS O
of IN O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Triazolam NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
brief JJ O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
secondary JJ O
mania NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
depressed JJ B-Disease
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Large JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
triazolam NN O
repeatedly RB O
induced VBD O
brief JJ O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
mania NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
depressed JJ B-Disease
elderly JJ O
woman NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Features NNS O
of IN O
organic JJ B-Disease
mental JJ I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
delirium NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
not RB O
present JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Manic JJ B-Disease
excitement NN O
was VBD O
coincident JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
of IN O
triazolam NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possible JJ O
contribution NN O
of IN O
the DT O
triazolo NN O
group NN O
to IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
affective JJ O
status NN O
is VBZ O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
correlation NN O
between IN O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
esterase NN O
inhibition NN O
and CC O
mipafox NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
correlation NN O
between IN O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
and CC O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
esterase NN O
or CC O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
target NN O
enzyme NN O
( , O
NTE NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
acutely RB O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
Mipafox NNP O
( , O
N NNP O
, , O
N NNP O
' '' O
- HYPH O
diisopropylphosphorodiamidofluoridate NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
organophosphate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Brain NN O
and CC O
spinal JJ O
cord NN O
NTE NNP O
activities NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
Long NNP O
- HYPH O
Evans NNP O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
1 CD O
hr PRP$ O
post NN O
- HYPH O
exposure NN O
to IN O
various JJ O
dosages NNS O
of IN O
Mipafox NNP O
( , O
ip NN O
, , O
1 CD O
- SYM O
15 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
were VBD O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
histologically RB O
scored VBN O
cervical JJ O
cord NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
separate JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
similarly RB O
dosed VBN O
rats NNS O
sampled VBN O
14 CD O
- SYM O
21 CD O
days NNS O
post NN O
- HYPH O
exposure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Those DT O
dosages NNS O
( , O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) , O
that WDT O
inhibited VBD O
mean JJ O
NTE NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
spinal JJ O
cord NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
73 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
67 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
control NN O
values NNS O
produced VBD O
severe JJ O
( : O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
3 CD O
) SYM O
cervical JJ O
cord NN O
pathology NN O
in IN O
85 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
dosages NNS O
of IN O
Mipafox NNP O
( , O
less JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
5 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) , O
which WDT O
inhibited VBD O
mean JJ O
NTE NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
spinal JJ O
cord NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
61 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
60 CD O
% NN O
produced VBD O
this DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
cord NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
only RB O
9 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
a DT O
critical JJ O
percentage NN O
of IN O
NTE NNP O
inhibition NN O
in IN O
brain NN O
and CC O
spinal JJ O
cord NN O
sampled VBN O
shortly RB O
after IN O
Mipafox NNP O
exposure NN O
can MD O
predict VB O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
several JJ O
weeks NNS O
later RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Allergic JJ B-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
to IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
allergic JJ B-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
consisting VBG O
of IN O
angioneurotic JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
continuous JJ O
infusion NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
recurrent JJ O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
oral JJ I-Disease
cavity NN I-Disease
, , O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
cisplatin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
impaired VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
reaction NN O
occurred VBD O
during IN O
the DT O
sixth JJ O
and CC O
seventh JJ O
courses NNS O
of IN O
infusional JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oral JJ O
diphenhydramine NN O
and CC O
prednisone NN O
were VBD O
ineffective JJ O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
the DT O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
allergic JJ B-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Discontinuance NN O
of IN O
effective JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
in IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
during IN O
partial JJ O
remission NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
fatal JJ O
disease NN O
progression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myasthenia NNP B-Disease
gravis NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
penicillamine NN O
and CC O
chloroquine NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
rheumatoid NN B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
described VBN O
a DT O
unique JJ O
patient NN O
who WP O
had VBD O
reversible JJ O
and CC O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
myasthenia NN B-Disease
gravis NNS I-Disease
after IN O
penicillamine NN O
and CC O
chloroquine NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
rheumatoid NN B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
acetylcholine NN O
receptor NN O
antibodies NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
detectable JJ O
, , O
the DT O
time NN O
course NN O
was VBD O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
an DT O
autoimmune JJ O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
tolerance NN O
to IN O
the DT O
muscular JJ B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
morphine NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
development NN O
of IN O
tolerance NN O
to IN O
the DT O
muscular JJ B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
morphine NN O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Saline NN O
- HYPH O
pretreated VBN O
controls NNS O
given VBN O
a DT O
test NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
( : O
20 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
a DT O
pronounced VBN O
rigidity NN B-Disease
recorded VBN O
as IN O
tonic NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
electromyogram NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
treated VBN O
for IN O
11 CD O
days NNS O
with IN O
morphine NN O
and CC O
withdrawn VBN O
for IN O
36 CD O
- SYM O
40 CD O
h NN O
showed VBD O
differences NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
tolerance NN O
: : O
about RB O
half NN O
of IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
rigidity NN B-Disease
after IN O
the DT O
test NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
that WDT O
was VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
less JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
controls NNS O
and CC O
were VBD O
akinetic JJ B-Disease
( -LRB- O
A DT O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
other JJ O
rats NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
strong JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rigidity NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
stereotyped VBN O
( , O
S NN O
) -RRB- O
licking NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
gnawing VBG O
in IN O
presence NN O
of IN O
akinetic JJ B-Disease
or CC O
hyperkinetic JJ B-Disease
( , O
K NN O
) -RRB- O
behaviour NN O
( -LRB- O
AS NNP O
/ SYM O
KS NNP O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
signs NNS O
of IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rigidity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
considerably RB O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
after IN O
20 CD O
days NNS O
' POS O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
further JJ O
series NN O
of IN O
experiments NNS O
, , O
haloperidol NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
used VBN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
block VB O
the DT O
dopaminergic JJ O
activation NN O
and CC O
to TO O
estimate VB O
the DT O
real JJ O
degree NN O
of IN O
the DT O
tolerance NN O
to IN O
the DT O
rigidity NN B-Disease
without IN O
any DT O
dopaminergic JJ O
interference NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haloperidol NNP O
enhanced VBD O
the DT O
rigidity NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
A NNP O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
level NN O
in IN O
the DT O
AS NNP O
/ SYM O
KS NNP O
group NN O
remained VBD O
considerably RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
A NNP O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
rigidity NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
assumed VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
due IN O
to IN O
an DT O
action NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
, , O
can MD O
be VB O
antagonized VBN O
by IN O
another DT O
process NN O
leading VBG O
to IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
activation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nevertheless RB O
, , O
there EX O
occurs VBZ O
some DT O
real JJ O
tolerance NN O
to IN O
this DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rapid JJ O
alternations NNS O
of IN O
rigidity NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
signs NNS O
of IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
activation NN O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
AS NNP O
/ SYM O
KS NNP O
group NN O
might MD O
be VB O
due IN O
to IN O
rapid JJ O
shifts NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
predominance NN O
of IN O
various JJ O
DA NN O
- HYPH O
innervated VBN O
structures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
massive JJ O
rhabdomyolysis NN B-Disease
following VBG O
molindone NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rhabdomyolysis NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
potentially RB O
lethal JJ O
syndrome NN O
that IN O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
seem VBP O
predisposed VBN O
to TO O
develop VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinical JJ O
signs NNS O
and CC O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
typical JJ O
laboratory NN O
features NNS O
, , O
and CC O
complications NNS O
of IN O
rhabdomyolysis NN B-Disease
are VBP O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
schizophrenic JJ B-Disease
patient NN O
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
to TO O
illustrate VB O
massive JJ O
rhabdomyolysis NN B-Disease
and CC O
subsequent JJ O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
following VBG O
molindone NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Physicians NNS O
who WP O
prescribe VBP O
molindone NN O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
reaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compression NN B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
radial JJ I-Disease
nerve NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
pentazocine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
fibrous JJ B-Disease
myopathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fibrous JJ B-Disease
myopathy NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
common JJ O
, , O
well RB O
- HYPH O
known VBN O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
repeated VBN O
pentazocine NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
compression NN B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
fibrotic JJ O
muscle NN O
affected VBN O
by IN O
pentazocine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
has VBZ O
not RB O
previously RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
37 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
documented JJ O
pentazocine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
fibrous JJ B-Disease
myopathy NN I-Disease
of IN O
triceps NNS O
and CC O
deltoid NN O
muscles NNS O
bilaterally RB O
and CC O
a DT O
three CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
history NN O
of IN O
right JJ O
wrist NN O
drop NN O
, , O
electrodiagnostic JJ O
examination NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
severe JJ O
but CC O
partial JJ O
lesion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
radial JJ O
nerve NN O
distal NN O
to IN O
the DT O
branches NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
triceps NNS O
, , O
in IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
the DT O
fibrous JJ B-Disease
myopathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Surgery NN O
revealed VBD O
the DT O
right JJ O
radial JJ O
nerve NN O
to TO O
be VB O
severely RB O
compressed VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
densely RB O
fibrotic JJ O
lateral JJ O
head NN O
of IN O
the DT O
triceps NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Decompression NN O
and CC O
neurolysis NN O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
with IN O
good JJ O
subsequent JJ O
recovery NN O
of IN O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurrent JJ O
reversible JJ O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
from IN O
amphotericin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
cryptogenic JJ O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
disseminated VBN O
sporotrichosis NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
immediately RB O
following VBG O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
on IN O
four CD O
separate JJ O
occasions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
abruptness NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
its PRP$ O
reversibility NN O
within IN O
days NNS O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
functional JJ O
component NN O
to IN O
the DT O
renal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
propose VBP O
that IN O
amphotericin NN O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
setting NN O
of IN O
reduced VBN O
effective JJ O
arterial JJ O
volume NN O
, , O
may MD O
activate VB O
tubuloglomerular JJ O
feedback NN O
, , O
thereby RB O
contributing VBG O
to IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
with IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
oral JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
phenylpropanolamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phenylpropanolamine NN O
( -LRB- O
PPA NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
synthetic JJ O
sympathomimetic NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
structurally RB O
similar JJ O
to IN O
amphetamine NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
available JJ O
over IN O
the DT O
counter NN O
in IN O
anorectics NNS O
, , O
nasal JJ O
congestants NNS O
, , O
and CC O
cold JJ O
preparations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Its PRP$ O
prolonged JJ O
use NN O
or CC O
overuse NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
intracerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
, , O
neuropsychiatric JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
nonhemorrhagic JJ O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
young JJ O
woman NN O
who WP O
suffered VBD O
a DT O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
after IN O
taking VBG O
a DT O
single JJ O
oral JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
PPA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Remission NN O
induction NN O
of IN O
meningeal JJ B-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
with IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
intravenous JJ O
methotrexate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
children NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
lymphoblastic JJ I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
meningeal JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
intravenous JJ O
methotrexate NN O
regimen NN O
that WDT O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
achieve VB O
and CC O
maintain VB O
CSF NNP O
methotrexate NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
) SYM O
mol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
without IN O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
concomitant JJ O
intrathecal JJ O
dosing NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
methotrexate NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
loading VBG O
dose NN O
of IN O
6 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
for IN O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
one CD O
hour NN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
an DT O
infusion NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
, , O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
h NN O
for IN O
23 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Leucovorin NNP O
rescue NN O
was VBD O
initiated VBN O
12 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
infusion NN O
with IN O
a DT O
loading VBG O
dose NN O
of IN O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
followed VBN O
by IN O
12 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
every DT O
three CD O
hours NNS O
for IN O
six CD O
doses NNS O
and CC O
then RB O
every DT O
six CD O
hours NNS O
until IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
methotrexate NN O
level NN O
decreased VBD O
to IN O
less JJR O
than IN O
1 CD O
X NN O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
) SYM O
mol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
steady JJ O
- HYPH O
state NN O
plasma NN O
and CC O
CSF NNP O
methotrexate NN O
concentrations NNS O
achieved VBN O
were VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
X SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
) SYM O
mol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
and CC O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
X SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
) SYM O
mol NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
20 CD O
patients NNS O
responded VBD O
to IN O
this DT O
regimen NN O
, , O
16 CD O
/ SYM O
20 CD O
( SYM O
80 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
achieved VBN O
a DT O
complete JJ O
remission NN O
, , O
and CC O
20 CD O
% NN O
obtained VBD O
a DT O
partial JJ O
remission NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
encountered VBN O
were VBD O
transient JJ O
serum NN O
transaminase NN O
and CC O
bilirubin NN O
elevations NNS O
, , O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
mucositis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
had VBD O
focal JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
transient JJ B-Disease
hemiparesis NN I-Disease
but CC O
recovered VBD O
completely RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
intravenous JJ O
methotrexate NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
effective JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
the DT O
induction NN O
of IN O
remission NN O
after IN O
meningeal JJ O
relapse NN O
in IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
lymphoblastic JJ I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Interaction NN O
of IN O
cyclosporin NN O
A NN O
with IN O
antineoplastic JJ O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
synergistic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
etoposide NN O
and CC O
cyclosporin NN O
A NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
T NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
lymphocytic JJ I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
in IN O
relapse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
concomitant JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
etoposide NN O
and CC O
cyclosporin NN O
A NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
eradication NN O
of IN O
hitherto RB O
refractory JJ O
leukemic JJ B-Disease
infiltration NN I-Disease
of IN O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
side JJ O
effects NNS O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
mental JJ O
confusion NN B-Disease
and CC O
progressive JJ O
hyperbilirubinemia NN B-Disease
, , O
however RB O
, , O
point VBP O
to IN O
an DT O
enhancement NN O
not RB O
only RB O
of IN O
antineoplastic JJ O
effects NNS O
but CC O
also RB O
of IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
normal JJ O
tissues NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
report NN O
demonstrates VBZ O
for IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
time NN O
that IN O
the DT O
pharmacodynamic JJ O
properties NNS O
of IN O
cyclosporin NN O
A NN O
may MD O
not RB O
be VB O
confined VBN O
strictly RB O
to IN O
suppression NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
T NN O
- HYPH O
cell NN O
functions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Incidence NN O
of IN O
neoplasms NNS B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
exposed VBN O
to IN O
different JJ O
treatment NN O
regimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunosuppressive JJ O
drugs NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
used VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
30 CD O
years NNS O
in IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
drugs NNS O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
are VBP O
cyclophosphamide NN O
and CC O
chlorambucil NN O
( , O
alkylating VBG O
agents NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
azathioprine NN O
( , O
purine NN O
analogue NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
methotrexate NN O
( , O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
analogue NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
evidence NN O
that IN O
all DT O
four CD O
immunosuppressive JJ O
drugs NNS O
can MD O
reduce VB O
synovitis NN B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
disease NN O
activity NN O
almost RB O
always RB O
recurs VBZ O
after IN O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
stopped VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
are VBP O
frequent JJ O
, , O
less JJR O
than IN O
50 CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
able JJ O
to TO O
continue VB O
a DT O
particular JJ O
drug NN O
for IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
one CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
it PRP O
takes VBZ O
three CD O
to TO O
12 CD O
months NNS O
to TO O
achieve VB O
maximal JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
those DT O
patients NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
unable JJ O
to TO O
continue VB O
the DT O
drug NN O
receive VBP O
little JJ O
benefit NN O
from IN O
it PRP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
alkylating VBG O
agents NNS O
have VBP O
an DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
development NN O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
nonlymphocytic JJ I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
both CC O
alkylating VBG O
agents NNS O
and CC O
azathioprine NN O
are VBP O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
non JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Hodgkin NNP I-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
lymphoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cyclophosphamide NN O
therapy NN O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
have VBP O
been VBN O
several JJ O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
studies NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
azathioprine NN O
and CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
and CC O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
most JJS O
of IN O
the DT O
common JJ O
cancers NNS B-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
increased VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
possible JJ O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
malignancy NN B-Disease
in IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
are VBP O
still RB O
being VBG O
collected VBN O
, , O
and CC O
until IN O
further JJ O
information NN O
is VBZ O
available JJ O
, , O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
immunosuppressive JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
particularly RB O
alkylating VBG O
agents NNS O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
should MD O
be VB O
reserved VBN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
progressive JJ O
disease NN O
or CC O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
complications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
iliopsoas NN O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
with IN O
subsequent JJ O
femoral JJ B-Disease
nerve JJ I-Disease
palsy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
present VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
28 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
on IN O
chronic JJ O
warfarin NN O
therapy NN O
who WP O
sustained VBD O
a DT O
minor JJ O
muscle NN B-Disease
tear NN I-Disease
and CC O
developed VBD O
increasing VBG O
pain NN B-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
flexure JJ O
contracture NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
hip NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Surgical JJ O
exploration NN O
revealed VBD O
an DT O
iliopsoas NN O
hematoma NN B-Disease
and CC O
femoral JJ O
nerve NN B-Disease
entrapment NN I-Disease
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
a DT O
femoral JJ B-Disease
nerve JJ I-Disease
palsy NN I-Disease
and CC O
partial JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
quadriceps NNS I-Disease
functions NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anticoagulant NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
femoral JJ B-Disease
nerve NN I-Disease
palsy NN I-Disease
represents VBZ O
the DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
form NN O
of IN O
warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
; : O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
severe JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
inguinal JJ O
region NN O
, , O
varying VBG O
degrees NNS O
of IN O
motor NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
sensory JJ I-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
flexure NN O
contracture NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
involved VBN O
extremity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pneumonitis NN O
with IN O
pleural JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
pericardial JJ I-Disease
effusion NN I-Disease
and CC O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
during IN O
amiodarone NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
sinuatrial JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
and CC O
implanted VBN O
pacemaker NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
amiodarone NN O
( , O
maximum JJ O
dose NN O
1000 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
maintenance NN O
dose NN O
800 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
10 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
for IN O
control NN O
of IN O
supraventricular JJ B-Disease
tachyarrhythmias NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
developed VBD O
pneumonitis NN B-Disease
, , O
pleural JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
pericardial JJ I-Disease
effusions NNS I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
predominantly RB O
proximal JJ B-Disease
motor NN I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immediate JJ O
but CC O
gradual JJ O
improvement NN O
followed VBD O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
with IN O
prednisolone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Review NN O
of IN O
this DT O
and CC O
previously RB O
reported VBN O
cases NNS O
indicates VBZ O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
early JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
pneumonitis NN B-Disease
, , O
immediate JJ O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
, , O
and CC O
prompt NN O
but CC O
continued VBN O
steroid NN O
therapy NN O
to TO O
ensure VB O
full JJ O
recovery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amiodarone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sinoatrial JJ B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
observed VBD O
sinoatrial JJ B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
chronic JJ O
amiodarone NN O
administration NN O
in IN O
a DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
boy NN O
with IN O
primary JJ B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
, , O
Wolff NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Parkinson NNP I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
White NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
supraventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
dosage NN O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
disappearance NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sinoatrial NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
persistence NN O
of IN O
asymptomatic JJ O
sinus NN B-Disease
bradycardia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Desipramine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
delirium NN B-Disease
at IN O
"""" `` O
subtherapeutic JJ O
"""" '' O
concentrations NNS O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
elderly JJ O
patient NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
low JJ O
dose NN O
Desipramine NNP O
developed VBD O
a DT O
delirium NN B-Disease
while IN O
her PRP$ O
plasma NN O
level NN O
was VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
"""" `` O
subtherapeutic JJ O
"""" '' O
range NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delirium NNP B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
may MD O
be VB O
induced VBN O
by IN O
tricyclic JJ O
drug NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
the DT O
elderly JJ O
, , O
can MD O
be VB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
tricyclics NNS O
with IN O
low JJ O
anticholinergic JJ O
potency NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therapeutic JJ O
ranges NNS O
for IN O
antidepressants NNS O
that WDT O
have VBP O
been VBN O
derived VBN O
from IN O
general JJ O
adult NN O
population NN O
studies NNS O
may MD O
not RB O
be VB O
appropriate JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
elderly JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
specifically RB O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
now RB O
required VBN O
to TO O
establish VB O
safer JJR O
and CC O
more RBR O
appropriate JJ O
guidelines NNS O
for IN O
drug NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Indomethacin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
: : O
recurrence NN O
on IN O
rechallenge NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
reported VBN O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
oliguric JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
with IN O
hyperkalemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
, , O
ascites NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
cor NN B-Disease
pulmonale NN I-Disease
after IN O
indomethacin NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prompt JJ O
restoration NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
followed VBD O
drug NN O
withdrawal NN O
, , O
while IN O
re IN O
- HYPH O
exposure NN O
to IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
indomethacin NN O
caused VBD O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
reversible JJ O
oliguria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
case NN O
supports VBZ O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
endogenous JJ O
renal JJ O
prostaglandins NNS O
play VBP O
a DT O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
maintenance NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
when WRB O
circulating VBG O
plasma NN O
volume NN O
is VBZ O
diminished VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
nonsteroidal JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
agents NNS O
interfere VBP O
with IN O
this DT O
compensatory JJ O
mechanism NN O
and CC O
may MD O
cause VB O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
they PRP O
should MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
with IN O
caution NN O
in IN O
such JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patterns NNS O
of IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
methyldopa NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twelve CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
methyldopa NN O
were VBD O
seen VBN O
between IN O
1967 CD O
and CC O
1977 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Illness NN O
occurred VBD O
within IN O
1 CD O
- SYM O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
commencement NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
9 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
having VBG O
received VBN O
the DT O
drug NN O
for IN O
13 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
15 CD O
months NNS O
and CC O
7 CD O
years NNS O
before IN O
experiencing VBG O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Jaundice NNP B-Disease
with IN O
tender JJ O
hepatomegaly NN B-Disease
, , O
usually RB O
preceded VBN O
by IN O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
malaise NN O
, , O
anorexia NN B-Disease
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
associated VBN O
with IN O
upper JJ O
abdominal JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
was VBD O
an DT O
invariable JJ O
finding NN O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Biochemical JJ O
liver NN O
function NN O
tests NNS O
indicated VBD O
hepatocellular JJ O
necrosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
histopathological JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
, , O
the DT O
spectrum NN O
of IN O
which WDT O
ranged VBD O
from IN O
fatty JJ B-Disease
change NN I-Disease
and CC O
focal JJ O
hepatocellular JJ O
necrosis NN B-Disease
to IN O
massive JJ B-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Most JJS O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
moderate JJ O
to IN O
severe JJ O
acute JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
or CC O
chronic JJ B-Disease
active JJ I-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
with IN O
associated JJ O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
drug NN O
was VBD O
withdrawn VBN O
on IN O
presentation NN O
to IN O
hospital NN O
in IN O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
with IN O
rapid JJ O
clinical JJ O
improvement NN O
in IN O
9 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
died VBD O
, , O
having VBG O
presented VBN O
in IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
another DT O
, , O
who WP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
taking VBG O
methyldopa NN O
for IN O
7 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
showed VBD O
slower JJR O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
biochemical JJ O
resolution NN O
over IN O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
several JJ O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
remaining VBG O
patient NN O
in IN O
the DT O
series NN O
developed VBD O
fulminant JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
when WRB O
the DT O
drug NN O
was VBD O
accidentally RB O
recommenced VBN O
1 CD O
year NN O
after IN O
a DT O
prior JJ O
episode NN O
of IN O
methyldopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
latter JJ O
patient NN O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
2 CD O
others NNS O
, , O
the DT O
causal JJ O
relationship NN O
between IN O
methyldopa NN O
and CC O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
was VBD O
proved VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
within IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
re JJ O
- HYPH O
exposure NN O
to IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Suxamethonium NN O
infusion NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
observed JJ O
fasciculations NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
response NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Suxamethonium NN O
chloride NN O
( -LRB- O
Sch NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
i : O
. . O
v LS O
. . O
to IN O
36 CD O
adult NN O
males NNS O
at IN O
six CD O
rates NNS O
: : O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
mg CD O
s NNS O
- : O
1 CD O
to TO O
20 CD O
mg NN O
s NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
infusion NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
either CC O
when WRB O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
muscular JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
tetanic JJ B-Disease
stimulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ulnar JJ O
nerve NN O
or CC O
when WRB O
Sch NNP O
120 CD O
mg NN O
was VBD O
exceeded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
additional JJ O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
a DT O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
bolus NN O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fasciculations NNS B-Disease
in IN O
six CD O
areas NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
body NN O
were VBD O
scored VBN O
from IN O
0 CD O
to IN O
3 CD O
and CC O
summated VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
total JJ O
fasciculation NN B-Disease
score NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
times NNS O
to IN O
first JJ O
fasciculation NN B-Disease
, , O
twitch NN B-Disease
suppression NN O
and CC O
tetanus NN B-Disease
suppression NN O
were VBD O
inversely RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
infusion NN O
rates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fasciculations NNS B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
six CD O
areas NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
total JJ O
fasciculation NN B-Disease
score NN O
were VBD O
related VBN O
directly RB O
to IN O
the DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Total JJ O
fasciculation NN B-Disease
scores NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
bolus NN O
group NN O
and CC O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
s NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
and CC O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
s POS O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
infusion NN O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
different JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
of IN O
psoriasis NN B-Disease
with IN O
azathioprine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Azathioprine JJ O
treatment NN O
benefited VBD O
19 CD O
( SYM O
66 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
out IN O
of IN O
29 CD O
patients NNS O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
severe JJ O
psoriasis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haematological JJ O
complications NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
troublesome JJ O
and CC O
results NNS O
of IN O
biochemical JJ O
liver NN O
function NN O
tests NNS O
remained VBD O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Minimal JJ O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
cases NNS O
and CC O
portal JJ O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
of IN O
a DT O
reversible JJ O
degree NN O
in IN O
eight CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN O
biopsies NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
undertaken VBN O
at IN O
regular JJ O
intervals NNS O
if IN O
azathioprine NN O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
continued VBN O
so IN O
that IN O
structural JJ O
liver NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
detected VBN O
at IN O
an DT O
early JJ O
and CC O
reversible JJ O
stage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angiosarcoma NNP B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
diethylstilbestrol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angiosarcoma NNP B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
76 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
who WP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
treated VBN O
for IN O
a DT O
well RB O
- HYPH O
differentiated VBN O
adenocarcinoma NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
with IN O
diethylstilbestrol NN O
for IN O
13 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angiosarcoma NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
also RB O
present JJ O
within IN O
pulmonary JJ O
and CC O
renal JJ O
arteries NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possibility NN O
that IN O
the DT O
intraarterial JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
might MD O
represent VB O
independent JJ O
primary JJ O
tumors NNS B-Disease
is VBZ O
considered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Galanthamine NNP O
hydrobromide NN O
, , O
a DT O
longer JJR O
acting VBG O
anticholinesterase NN O
drug NN O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
scopolamine NN O
( , O
Hyoscine NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Galanthamine NN O
hydrobromide NN O
, , O
an DT O
anticholinesterase JJ O
drug NN O
capable JJ O
of IN O
penetrating VBG O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
, , O
was VBD O
used VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
demonstrating VBG O
central JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
scopolamine NN O
( , O
hyoscine NN O
) -RRB- O
overdosage NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
longer JJR O
acting NN O
than IN O
physostigmine NN O
and CC O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
in IN O
anaesthesia NN O
to TO O
reverse VB O
the DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
depolarizing VBG O
neuromuscular JJ O
block NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
studies NNS O
into IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
necessary JJ O
to IN O
combating VBG O
scopolamine NN O
intoxication NN O
are VBP O
indicated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
the DT O
subjective JJ O
effects NNS O
and CC O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
following VBG O
oral JJ O
and CC O
i DT O
. . O
m NN O
. . O
administration NN O
of IN O
flunitrazepam NN O
in IN O
volunteers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flunitrazepam NNP O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
or CC O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
oral NN O
or CC O
i DT O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
routes NNS O
to IN O
groups NNS O
of IN O
volunteers NNS O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
effects NNS O
compared VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
were VBD O
estimated VBN O
by IN O
gas NN O
- HYPH O
liquid NN O
chromatography NN O
, , O
in IN O
a DT O
smaller JJR O
number NN O
of IN O
the DT O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
striking JJ O
effect NN O
was VBD O
sedation NN O
which WDT O
increased VBD O
with IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
, , O
2 CD O
mg NN O
producing VBG O
deep JJ O
sleep NN O
although IN O
the DT O
subjects NNS O
could MD O
still RB O
be VB O
aroused VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
i PRP O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
administration NN O
were VBD O
apparent JJ O
earlier RBR O
and CC O
sometimes RB O
lasted VBD O
longer RBR O
than IN O
those DT O
following VBG O
oral JJ O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dizziness NN B-Disease
was VBD O
less RBR O
marked JJ O
than IN O
sedation NN O
, , O
but CC O
increased VBD O
with IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
pain NN B-Disease
on IN O
i PRP O
. . O
m UH O
. . O
injection NN O
of IN O
flunitrazepam NN O
significantly RB O
more RBR O
often RB O
than IN O
with IN O
isotonic JJ O
saline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
varied VBD O
with IN O
dose NN O
and CC O
route NN O
and CC O
corresponded VBD O
qualitatively RB O
with IN O
the DT O
subjective JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
drug NN O
was VBD O
still RB O
present JJ O
in IN O
measurable JJ O
quantities NNS O
after IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
even RB O
with IN O
the DT O
smallest JJS O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
teratogenicity NN O
of IN O
sulphasalazine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
infants NNS O
, , O
born VBN O
of IN O
two CD O
mothers NNS O
with IN O
inflammatory JJ B-Disease
bowel NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
who WP O
received VBD O
treatment NN O
with IN O
sulphasalazine NN O
throughout IN O
pregnancy NN O
, , O
were VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
major JJ O
congenital JJ B-Disease
anomalies NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
singleton NN O
pregnancy NN O
, , O
the DT O
mother NN O
had VBD O
ulcerative JJ B-Disease
colitis NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
infant NN O
, , O
a DT O
male NN O
, , O
had VBD O
coarctation NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
aorta NN I-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
septal JJ I-Disease
defect NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
twin JJ O
pregnancy NN O
, , O
the DT O
mother NN O
had VBD O
Crohn NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
first JJ O
twin NN O
, , O
a DT O
female NN O
, , O
had VBD O
a DT O
left JJ O
Potter NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
type NN I-Disease
IIa NNP I-Disease
polycystic JJ I-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
rudimentary JJ B-Disease
left JJ I-Disease
uterine NN I-Disease
cornu NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
second JJ O
twin NN O
, , O
a DT O
male NN O
, , O
had VBD O
some DT O
features NNS O
of IN O
Potter NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
facies NNS I-Disease
, , O
hypoplastic JJ B-Disease
lungs NNS I-Disease
, , O
absent JJ B-Disease
kidneys NNS I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
ureters NNS I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
talipes NNS B-Disease
equinovarus FW I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
reports NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
contrary NN O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
sulphasalazine NN O
may MD O
be VB O
teratogenic JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
antineoplastic JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
( , O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
, , O
microangiopathic JJ B-Disease
hemolytic JJ I-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
usually RB O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
) , O
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
cisplatin NN O
, , O
bleomycin NN O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
vinca NN O
alkaloid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
had VBD O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
thrombocytopenic JJ I-Disease
purpura NN I-Disease
, , O
three CD O
the DT O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
uremic NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
one CD O
an DT O
apparent JJ O
forme NN O
fruste NN O
of IN O
one CD O
of IN O
these DT O
disorders NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histologic JJ O
examination NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renal JJ O
tissue NN O
showed VBD O
evidence NN O
of IN O
intravascular JJ B-Disease
coagulation NN I-Disease
, , O
primarily RB O
affecting VBG O
the DT O
small JJ O
arteries NNS O
, , O
arterioles NNS O
, , O
and CC O
glomeruli NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
each DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
tumor NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
free JJ O
or CC O
had VBD O
only RB O
a DT O
small JJ O
tumor NN B-Disease
at IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
this DT O
syndrome NN O
, , O
the DT O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
may MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diagnosis NN O
of IN O
this DT O
potentially RB O
fatal JJ O
complication NN O
may MD O
be VB O
delayed VBN O
or CC O
missed VBN O
if IN O
renal JJ O
tissue NN O
or CC O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
blood NN O
smear NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
examined VBN O
, , O
because IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
ascribed VBN O
to IN O
cisplatin NN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
anemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
to IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
bone NN B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
suppression NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
International JJ O
mexiletine NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
coronary JJ O
trial NN O
: : O
I PRP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Report NN O
on IN O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
and CC O
other JJ O
findings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Impact NNP O
Research NNP O
Group NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
sustained JJ O
release NN O
form NN O
of IN O
mexiletine NN O
( , O
Mexitil NNP O
- HYPH O
Perlongets NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
placebo NN O
trial NN O
in IN O
630 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
recent JJ O
documented VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
primary JJ O
response NN O
variable NN O
was VBD O
based VBN O
on IN O
central JJ O
reading NN O
of IN O
24 CD O
hour NN O
ambulatory JJ O
electrocardiographic JJ O
recordings NNS O
and CC O
was VBD O
defined VBN O
as IN O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
30 CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
single JJ O
premature JJ O
ventricular JJ O
complexes NNS O
in IN O
any DT O
two CD O
consecutive JJ O
30 CD O
minute NN O
blocks NNS O
or CC O
one CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
runs NNS O
of IN O
two CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
premature JJ O
ventricular JJ O
complexes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
entire JJ O
24 CD O
hour NN O
electrocardiographic JJ O
recording NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Large JJ O
differences NNS O
, , O
regarded VBN O
as IN O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
, , O
between IN O
the DT O
mexiletine JJ O
and CC O
placebo NN O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
that DT O
end NN O
point NN O
at IN O
months NNS O
1 CD O
and CC O
4 CD O
, , O
but CC O
only RB O
trends NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
at IN O
month NN O
12 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
differences NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
even RB O
though IN O
the DT O
serum NN O
mexiletine NN O
levels NNS O
obtained VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
study NN O
were VBD O
generally RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
those DT O
observed VBN O
in IN O
studies NNS O
that WDT O
have VBP O
used VBN O
the DT O
regular JJ O
form NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
more JJR O
deaths NNS B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
mexiletine JJ O
group NN O
( , O
7 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
( : O
4 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
the DT O
difference NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
coronary JJ O
events NNS O
was VBD O
similar JJ O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previously RB O
recognized VBN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
, , O
particularly RB O
tremor NN B-Disease
and CC O
gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
problems NNS I-Disease
, , O
were VBD O
more RBR O
frequent JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
mexiletine JJ O
group NN O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Changes NNS O
in IN O
heart NN O
size NN O
during IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
timolol NN O
treatment NN O
after IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
timolol NN O
treatment NN O
on IN O
heart NN O
size NN O
after IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
by IN O
X NNP O
- HYPH O
ray NN O
in IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
study NN O
including VBG O
241 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
placebo NN O
126 CD O
, , O
timolol NN O
115 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
period NN O
was VBD O
12 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
timolol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
small JJ O
but CC O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
heart NN O
size NN O
from IN O
baseline NN O
in IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
differences NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
timolol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
compensatory JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
end NN O
- HYPH O
diastolic JJ O
volume NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
timolol NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
heart NN O
size NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
only RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
normal JJ O
and CC O
borderline JJ O
heart NN O
size NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
cardiomegaly NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
heart NN O
size NN O
was VBD O
similar JJ O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
re IN O
- HYPH O
infarction NN B-Disease
, , O
heart NN O
size NN O
increased VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
and CC O
remained VBD O
unchanged JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
timolol NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vitamin NN O
D3 NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
dairy NN O
cows NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Large JJ O
parenteral JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D3 NN O
( : O
15 CD O
to TO O
17 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
6 CD O
) SYM O
IU NN O
vitamin NN O
D3 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
prolonged VBN O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
, , O
hyperphosphatemia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
large JJ O
increases NNS O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D3 NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
metabolites NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
plasma NN O
of IN O
nonlactating VBG O
nonpregnant JJ O
and CC O
pregnant JJ O
Jersey NNP O
cows NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Calcium NN O
concentrations NNS O
1 CD O
day NN O
postpartum NN O
were VBD O
higher JJR O
in IN O
cows NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
vitamin NN O
D3 NN O
about IN O
32 CD O
days NNS O
prepartum NN O
( : O
8 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
ml NNS O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
in IN O
control NN O
cows NNS O
( : O
5 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cows NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
vitamin NN O
D3 NNP O
showed VBD O
signs NNS O
of IN O
milk NN B-Disease
fever NN I-Disease
during IN O
the DT O
peripartal JJ O
period NN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
22 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
control NN O
cows NNS O
developed VBD O
clinical JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
milk NN B-Disease
fever NN I-Disease
during IN O
this DT O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Signs NNS O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D3 NNP O
toxicity NN B-Disease
were VBD O
not RB O
observed VBN O
in IN O
nonlactating VBG O
nonpregnant JJ O
cows NNS O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
pregnant JJ O
cows NNS O
commonly RB O
developed VBD O
severe JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D3 NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
10 CD O
of IN O
17 CD O
cows NNS O
died VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
widespread JJ O
metastatic JJ O
calcification NN O
in IN O
the DT O
cows NNS O
that WDT O
died VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
of IN O
the DT O
extreme JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D3 NN O
in IN O
pregnant JJ O
Jersey NNP O
cows NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
low JJ O
margin NN O
of IN O
safety NN O
between IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
D3 NN O
that WDT O
prevent VBP O
milk NN B-Disease
fever NN I-Disease
and CC O
doses NNS O
that WDT O
induce VBP O
milk NN B-Disease
fever NN I-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
concluded VBD O
that IN O
vitamin NN O
D3 NNP O
cannot MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
practically RB O
to TO O
prevent VB O
milk NN B-Disease
fever NN I-Disease
when WRB O
injected VBN O
several JJ O
weeks NNS O
prepartum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diseases NNS B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
peripheral JJ I-Disease
nerves NNS I-Disease
as IN O
seen VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
Nigerian JJ O
African NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
anatomical JJ O
and CC O
aetiological JJ O
diagnoses NNS O
of IN O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
nerve JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
excluding VBG O
its PRP$ O
primary JJ O
benign JJ O
and CC O
malignant JJ O
disorders NNS O
, , O
as IN O
seen VBN O
in IN O
358 CD O
Nigerians NNPS O
are VBP O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
male JJ O
preponderance NN O
and CC O
the DT O
peak NN O
incidence NN O
is VBZ O
in IN O
the DT O
fourth JJ O
decade NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sensori NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
motor NN I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
was VBD O
the DT O
commonest JJ O
presentation NN O
( : O
50 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Guillain NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Barr NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
was VBD O
the DT O
commonest JJS O
identifiable JJ O
cause NN O
( : O
15 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
accounting VBG O
for IN O
half NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cases NNS O
with IN O
motor NN B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
nutritional JJ B-Disease
deficiency NN I-Disease
of IN O
thiamine NN O
and CC O
riboflavin NN O
was VBD O
common JJ O
( : O
10 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
presented VBN O
mainly RB O
as IN O
sensory NN O
and CC O
sensori NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
motor NN I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diabetes NN B-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
was VBD O
the DT O
major JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
autonomic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Isoniazid NNP O
was VBD O
the DT O
most RBS O
frequent JJ O
agent NN O
in IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Migraine NN B-Disease
( : O
20 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
not RB O
an DT O
uncommon JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
cranial JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
although IN O
malignancies NNS B-Disease
arising VBG O
from IN O
the DT O
reticuloendothelial JJ O
system NN O
or CC O
related JJ O
structures NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
head NN O
and CC O
neck NN O
were VBD O
more RBR O
frequent JJ O
( : O
26 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
26 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
all PDT O
the DT O
cases NNS O
, , O
the DT O
aetiology NN O
of IN O
the DT O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
was VBD O
undetermined JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heredofamilial NN O
and CC O
connective JJ B-Disease
tissue NN I-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
rare JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Some DT O
of IN O
the DT O
factors NNS O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
presentation NN O
and CC O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
neuropathies NNS B-Disease
are VBP O
briefly RB O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reduction NN O
in IN O
caffeine NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
by IN O
acetaminophen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
allegedly RB O
consumed VBD O
100 CD O
tablets NNS O
of IN O
an DT O
over IN O
- HYPH O
the DT O
- HYPH O
counter NN O
analgesic NN O
containing VBG O
sodium NN O
acetylsalicylate NN O
, , O
caffeine NN O
, , O
and CC O
acetaminophen NN O
displayed VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
CNS NNP O
stimulation NN O
despite IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
175 CD O
micrograms NNS O
of IN O
caffeine NN O
per IN O
mL NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
salicylates NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to TO O
augment VB O
the DT O
stimulatory JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
caffeine NN O
on IN O
the DT O
CNS NNP O
, , O
attention NN O
was VBD O
focused VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
possibility NN O
that IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
acetaminophen NN O
( SYM O
52 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
mL NNP O
) -RRB- O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
CNS NNP O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
caffeine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Studies NNS O
in IN O
DBA NNP O
/ SYM O
2J NNP O
mice NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
: : O
1 CD O
) SYM O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
acetaminophen NN O
( , O
100 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
increased VBD O
the DT O
interval NN O
between IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
caffeine NN O
( : O
300 CD O
to TO O
450 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
IP NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
fatal JJ O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
by IN O
a DT O
factor NN O
of IN O
about RB O
two CD O
; : O
and CC O
2 CD O
) SYM O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
acetaminophen NN O
( : O
75 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
audiogenic JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
produced VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
caffeine NN O
( : O
12 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
to TO O
75 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
IP NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
sound NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
after IN O
12 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
or CC O
25 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg JJ O
caffeine NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
from IN O
50 CD O
to IN O
5 CD O
% NN O
by IN O
acetaminophen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
caffeine NN O
, , O
acetaminophen NN O
( , O
up IN O
to TO O
300 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
did VBD O
not RB O
modify VB O
the DT O
seizures NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
maximal JJ O
electroshock NN O
and CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
alter VB O
the DT O
convulsant JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
pentylenetetrezol NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
( , O
tests NNS O
performed VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
Anticonvulsant NNP O
Screening NNP O
Project NNP O
of IN O
NINCDS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acetaminophen NNP O
( , O
up IN O
to TO O
150 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
mL NNP O
) -RRB- O
did VBD O
not RB O
retard VB O
the DT O
incorporation NN O
of IN O
radioactive JJ O
adenosine NN O
into IN O
ATP NN O
in IN O
slices NNS O
of IN O
rat NN O
cerebral JJ O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
by IN O
which WDT O
acetaminophen NN O
antagonizes VBZ O
the DT O
actions NNS O
of IN O
caffeine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
CNS NNP O
remains VBZ O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
of IN O
dothiepin NN O
hydrochloride NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
major JJ O
depressive JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
parallel NN O
treatment NN O
study NN O
, , O
dothiepin NN O
and CC O
amitriptyline NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
to IN O
placebo NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
33 CD O
depressed JJ B-Disease
outpatients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dothiepin NNP O
and CC O
amitriptyline NN O
were VBD O
equally RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
alleviating VBG O
the DT O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
depressive JJ B-Disease
illness NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
both DT O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
superior JJ O
to IN O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
overall JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
frequency NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
blurred VBN B-Disease
vision NN I-Disease
, , O
dry JJ B-Disease
mouth NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
drowsiness NN O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
less JJR O
with IN O
dothiepin NN O
than IN O
with IN O
amitriptyline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dothiepin NNP O
also RB O
produced VBD O
fewer JJR O
CNS NNP O
and CC O
cardiovascular JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
clinically RB O
important JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
laboratory NN O
parameters NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dothiepin NNP O
thus RB O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
an DT O
effective JJ O
antidepressant JJ O
drug NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
fewer JJR O
side NN O
effects NNS O
than IN O
amitriptyline NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
depressed JJ B-Disease
outpatients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
diazepam NN O
and CC O
propranolol NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
panic NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
and CC O
agoraphobia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
oral JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
diazepam NN O
( HYPH O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
and CC O
a DT O
median JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
30 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
propranolol NN O
( HYPH O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
80 CD O
mg NN O
and CC O
a DT O
median JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
240 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
psychological JJ O
performance NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
panic NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
and CC O
agoraphobia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
and CC O
crossover JJ O
design NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
drugs NNS O
impaired VBD B-Disease
immediate JJ I-Disease
free JJ I-Disease
recall NN I-Disease
but CC O
the DT O
decrease NN O
was VBD O
greater JJR O
for IN O
diazepam NN O
than IN O
propranolol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delayed VBN B-Disease
free JJ I-Disease
recall NN I-Disease
was VBD I-Disease
also RB I-Disease
impaired VBN I-Disease
but CC O
the DT O
two CD O
drugs NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
tapped VBD O
faster RBR O
after IN O
propranolol NN O
than IN O
diazepam NN O
and CC O
they PRP O
were VBD O
more RBR O
sedated VBN O
after IN O
diazepam NN O
than IN O
propranolol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
patients NNS O
tested VBD O
5 CD O
- SYM O
8 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
medication NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
show VB O
any DT O
decrement NN O
of IN O
performance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
are VBP O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
previously RB O
found VBN O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Accumulation NN O
of IN O
drugs NNS O
was VBD O
not RB O
reflected VBN O
in IN O
prolonged VBN O
behavioral JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
i ADD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
glycopyrrolate NN O
and CC O
atropine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
and CC O
arrhythmias NNS B-Disease
following VBG O
repeated VBN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
suxamethonium NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effectiveness NN O
of IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
glycopyrrolate NN O
5 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
and CC O
atropine NN O
10 CD O
and CC O
20 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
immediately RB O
before IN O
the DT O
induction NN O
of IN O
anaesthesia NN O
, , O
to TO O
prevent VB O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
following VBG O
repeated VBN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
suxamethonium NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
control NN O
group NN O
was VBD O
included VBN O
for IN O
comparison NN O
with IN O
the DT O
lower JJR O
dose NN O
range NN O
of IN O
glycopyrrolate NN O
and CC O
atropine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
of IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
, , O
but CC O
this DT O
was VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
the DT O
frequency NN O
with IN O
the DT O
active JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bradycardia NNP B-Disease
( : O
defined VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
to IN O
less JJR O
than IN O
50 CD O
beat NN O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
prevented VBN O
when WRB O
the DT O
larger JJR O
dose NN O
of IN O
either DT O
active JJ O
drug NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
recommended VBN O
that IN O
either CC O
glycopyrrolate NN O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
or CC O
atropine NN O
20 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
should MD O
immediately RB O
precede VB O
induction NN O
of IN O
anaesthesia NN O
, , O
in IN O
children NNS O
, , O
if IN O
the DT O
repeated VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
suxamethonium NN O
is VBZ O
anticipated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Veno NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
occlusive JJ I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
after IN O
dacarbazine NN O
therapy NN O
( -LRB- O
DTIC NNP O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
melanoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
veno NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
occlusive JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
with IN O
fatal JJ O
outcome NN O
after IN O
dacarbazine NN O
( -LRB- O
DTIC NNP O
) -RRB- O
therapy NN O
for IN O
melanoma NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
fulminant JJ O
clinical JJ O
course NN O
from IN O
start NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
until IN O
death NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
autopsy NN O
the DT O
liver NN O
was VBD O
enlarged JJ O
and CC O
firm JJ O
with IN O
signs NNS O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
congestion NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Small JJ O
- HYPH O
and CC O
medium NN O
- HYPH O
sized JJ O
hepatic JJ O
veins NNS O
were VBD O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eosinophilic JJ O
infiltrations NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
around IN O
the DT O
vessels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Published VBN O
cases NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
are VBP O
reviewed VBN O
and CC O
pertinent JJ O
features NNS O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Maternal JJ O
lithium NN O
and CC O
neonatal JJ O
Ebstein NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s JJ I-Disease
anomaly NN I-Disease
: : O
evaluation NN O
with IN O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
sectional JJ O
echocardiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cross JJ O
- HYPH O
sectional JJ O
echocardiography NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
two CD O
neonates NNS O
whose WP$ O
mothers NNS O
ingested VBD O
lithium NN O
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
one CD O
infant NN O
, , O
Ebstein NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
anomaly NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
tricuspid JJ O
valve NN O
was VBD O
identified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
infant JJ O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
sectional JJ O
echocardiography NN O
provided VBD O
reassurance NN O
that IN O
the DT O
infant NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
have VB O
Ebstein NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
anomaly NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cross JJ O
- HYPH O
sectional JJ O
echocardiographic JJ O
screening NN O
of IN O
newborns NNS O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
lithium NN O
during IN O
gestation NN O
can MD O
provide VB O
highly RB O
accurate JJ O
, , O
noninvasive JJ O
assessment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
or CC O
absence NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
malformations NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
training NN O
on IN O
the DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
experimental JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
aging VBG O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
exercise NN O
on IN O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
female JJ O
albino NN O
rats NNS O
of IN O
20 CD O
, , O
40 CD O
, , O
60 CD O
and CC O
80 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
trained VBN O
to TO O
swim VB O
for IN O
a DT O
specific JJ O
duration NN O
and CC O
for IN O
a DT O
particular JJ O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
infarcts NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
confirmed VBN O
by IN O
histological JJ O
methods NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Elevations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
serum NN O
GOT NNP O
and CC O
GPT NNP O
were VBD O
maximum JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
sedentary JJ O
- HYPH O
isoproterenols NNS O
and CC O
minimum NN O
in IN O
the DT O
exercise NN O
- HYPH O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
serum NN O
transaminases NNS O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
corresponding VBG O
depletions NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
cardiac JJ O
GOT NNP O
and CC O
GPT NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
age NN O
was VBD O
seen VBN O
to TO O
interfere VB O
with IN O
the DT O
responses NNS O
exhibited VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
young JJ O
and CC O
old JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Studies NNS O
dealing VBG O
with IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
are VBP O
more RBR O
informative JJ O
when WRB O
dealt VBN O
with IN O
age NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
polyethylene NN O
glycol NN O
400 CD O
on IN O
adriamycin NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
a DT O
widely RB O
used VBN O
organic JJ O
solvent NN O
, , O
polyethylene NN O
glycol NN O
400 CD O
( SYM O
PEG NNP O
400 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
on IN O
the DT O
toxic JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
an DT O
acute JJ O
or CC O
chronic JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
adriamycin NN O
( , O
ADR NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PEG NNP O
400 CD O
impressively RB O
decreased VBD O
both CC O
acute JJ O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
and CC O
chronic JJ O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
ADR NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
lethality NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Light JJ O
microscopic JJ O
analysis NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
protection NN O
against IN O
ADR NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
morphological JJ I-Disease
alterations NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
treatment NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
diminish VB O
the DT O
ADR NNP O
antitumor NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
L1210 NN B-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
and CC O
in IN O
Ehrlich NNP B-Disease
ascites VBZ I-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sublingual JJ O
absorption NN O
of IN O
the DT O
quaternary JJ O
ammonium NN O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
agent NN O
, , O
UM NNP O
- HYPH O
272 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
UM NNP O
- HYPH O
272 CD O
( , O
N NNP O
, , O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
dimethylpropranolol NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
quaternary JJ O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
agent NN O
, , O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
sublingually RB O
to IN O
dogs NNS O
with IN O
ouabain NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardias NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both CC O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
arrhythmic JJ O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
bioavailability NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
to IN O
oral JJ O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sublingual JJ O
UM NNP O
- HYPH O
272 CD O
converted VBN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
to IN O
sinus NN O
rhythm NN O
in IN O
all DT O
5 CD O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
area NN O
under IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
concentration NN O
time NN O
curve NN O
at IN O
90 CD O
min NN O
was VBD O
4 CD O
- SYM O
12 CD O
times NNS O
greater JJR O
than IN O
for IN O
oral JJ O
drug NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
the DT O
existence NN O
of IN O
an DT O
absorption NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
process NN O
in IN O
the DT O
intestine NN O
, , O
and CC O
providing VBG O
an DT O
alternate JJ O
form NN O
of IN O
administration NN O
for IN O
quaternary JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Early JJ O
adjuvant NN O
adriamycin NN O
in IN O
superficial JJ O
bladder NN B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
multicenter NN O
study NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
in IN O
110 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
superficial JJ O
transitional JJ O
cell NN O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adriamycin NNP O
( : O
50 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
50 CD O
ml NNS O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
intravesically RB O
within IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
transurethral JJ O
resection NN O
of IN O
TA NNP O
- HYPH O
T1 NNP O
( HYPH O
O NN O
- HYPH O
A NN O
) SYM O
bladder NN B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Instillation NN O
was VBD O
repeated VBN O
twice RB O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
week NN O
, , O
then RB O
weekly RB O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
month NN O
and CC O
afterwards RB O
monthly RB O
for IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
tolerance NN O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
these DT O
110 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
and CC O
29 CD O
patients NNS O
presented VBN O
with IN O
local JJ O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
24 CD O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
chemical JJ O
cystitis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
severe JJ O
enough RB O
for IN O
them PRP O
to TO O
drop VB O
out IN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
systemic JJ O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurrence NN O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
82 CD O
evaluable JJ O
patients NNS O
after IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
of IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
and CC O
in IN O
72 CD O
patients NNS O
followed VBN O
for IN O
2 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
years NNS O
( , O
mean JJ O
32 CD O
months NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
82 CD O
patients NNS O
studied VBN O
after IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
, , O
23 CD O
had VBD O
primary JJ O
and CC O
59 CD O
recurrent JJ O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
82 CD O
evaluable JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
50 CD O
did VBD O
not RB O
show VB O
any DT O
recurrence NN O
after IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
( : O
61 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
while IN O
32 CD O
presented VBN O
with IN O
one CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
recurrences NNS O
( : O
39 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
these DT O
recurrences NNS O
, , O
27 CD O
were VBD O
T1 NN O
tumors NNS B-Disease
while IN O
five CD O
progressed VBD O
to IN O
more RBR O
highly RB O
invasive JJ O
lesions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
free JJ O
of IN O
recurrence NN O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
year NN O
, , O
80 CD O
% NN O
remained VBD O
tumor NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
free JJ O
during IN O
the DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
to TO O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
developing VBG O
one CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
recurrences NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
year NN O
, , O
only RB O
50 CD O
% NN O
presented VBN O
with IN O
further JJ O
recurrence NN O
once IN O
the DT O
instillations NNS O
were VBD O
stopped VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
beneficial JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
Adriamycin NNP O
appears VBZ O
obvious JJ O
and CC O
might MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
itself PRP O
, , O
the DT O
early JJ O
and CC O
repeated VBN O
instillations NNS O
after IN O
TUR NNP O
, , O
or CC O
both DT O
. . O
null null null-Disease
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
angiopathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
dose NN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
treatment NN O
on IN O
aortic JJ O
permeability NN O
to IN O
albumin NN O
and CC O
on IN O
the DT O
ultrastructure NN O
of IN O
the DT O
vessel NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male NNP O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
( -LRB- O
D NN O
- HYPH O
pen NN O
) SYM O
500 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
10 CD O
or CC O
42 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pair NN O
fed VBD O
rats NNS O
served VBD O
as IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Changes NNS O
in IN O
aortic JJ O
morphology NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
by IN O
light NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
transmission NN O
- HYPH O
electron NN O
microscopy NN O
( -LRB- O
TEM NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
the DT O
endothelial JJ O
permeability NN O
and CC O
the DT O
penetration NN O
through IN O
the DT O
aortic JJ O
wall NN O
of IN O
albumin NN O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
10 CD O
minutes NNS O
, , O
24 CD O
and CC O
48 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
i PRP O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
injection NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
serum NN O
131I CD O
- HYPH O
albumin NN O
( , O
131I CD O
- HYPH O
HSA NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TEM NNP O
revealed VBD O
extensive JJ O
elastolysis NN O
in IN O
the DT O
arterial JJ O
wall NN O
of IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
pen NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
an DT O
inhibitory JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
crosslink NN O
formation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
experimental JJ O
animals NNS O
excess JJ O
deposition NN O
of IN O
collagen NN O
and CC O
glycoaminoglycans NNS O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
subendothelial JJ O
and CC O
medial JJ O
layer NN O
of IN O
the DT O
aortic JJ O
wall NN O
, , O
together RB O
with IN O
prominent JJ O
basal JJ O
membrane NN O
substance NN O
around IN O
aortic JJ O
smooth JJ O
muscle NN O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aorta NN O
/ SYM O
serum NN O
- HYPH O
ratio NN O
and CC O
the DT O
radioactive JJ O
build NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
24 CD O
and CC O
48 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
131I CD O
- HYPH O
HSA NNP O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
pen NN O
for IN O
42 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
indicating VBG O
an DT O
impeded VBN O
transmural JJ O
transport NN O
of IN O
tracer NN O
which WDT O
may MD O
be VB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
steric JJ O
exclusion NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
abundant JJ O
hyaluronate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
endothelial JJ O
ultrastructure NN O
was VBD O
unaffected JJ O
by IN O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
pen NN O
, , O
and CC O
no DT O
differences NNS O
in IN O
aortic JJ O
131I NNP O
- HYPH O
HSA NNP O
radioactivity NN O
or CC O
aorta NN O
/ SYM O
serum NN O
- HYPH O
ratio NN O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
between IN O
experimental JJ O
and CC O
control NN O
groups NNS O
10 CD O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
tracer NN O
injection NN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
the DT O
permeability NN O
of IN O
the DT O
endothelial JJ O
barrier NN O
to IN O
albumin NN O
remained VBD O
unaffected JJ O
by IN O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
pen NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
observations NNS O
support VBP O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
pen NN O
may MD O
induce VB O
a DT O
fibroproliferative JJ O
response NN O
in IN O
rat NN O
aorta NN O
, , O
possibly RB O
by IN O
an DT O
inhibitory JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
cross NN O
- HYPH O
linking NN O
of IN O
collagen NN O
and CC O
elastin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
aspirin NN O
on IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
( HYPH O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
nitro CD O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
furyl NN O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
thiazolyl NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
formamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
epithelial JJ O
proliferation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
urinary JJ O
bladder NN O
and CC O
forestomach NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
co NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
of IN O
aspirin NN O
with IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
nitro FW O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
furyl NN O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
thiazolyl NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
formamide NN O
( -LRB- O
FANFT NNP O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
rats NNS O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
reduced VBN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
FANFT NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
bladder NN B-Disease
carcinomas NNS I-Disease
but CC O
a DT O
concomitant JJ O
induction NN O
of IN O
forestomach NN B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
autoradiographic JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
on IN O
male NN O
F NNP O
- HYPH O
344 CD O
rats NNS O
fed VBN O
diet NN O
containing VBG O
FANFT NNP O
at IN O
a DT O
level NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
aspirin NN O
at IN O
a DT O
level NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
aspirin NN O
on IN O
the DT O
increased VBN O
cell NN O
proliferation NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
FANFT NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
forestomach NN O
and CC O
bladder NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
FANFT NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cell NN O
proliferation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
suppressed VBN O
by IN O
aspirin NN O
co NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
after IN O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
but CC O
not RB O
after IN O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
forestomach NN O
, , O
and CC O
also RB O
in IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
, , O
aspirin NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
FANFT NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
labeling NN O
index NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
results NNS O
are VBP O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
carcinogenicity NN O
experiment NN O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
different JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
are VBP O
involved VBN O
in IN O
FANFT NNP O
carcinogenesis NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
and CC O
forestomach NN O
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
aspirin NN O
' '' O
s POS O
effect NN O
on IN O
FANFT NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
forestomach NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
due JJ O
to IN O
an DT O
irritant JJ O
effect NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
increased VBN O
cell NN O
proliferation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Also RB O
, , O
there EX O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
an DT O
adaptation NN O
by IN O
the DT O
rats NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
chronic JJ O
ingestion NN O
of IN O
aspirin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
tardive JJ B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
metoclopramide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Abnormal JJ B-Disease
involuntary JJ I-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
appeared VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
mouth NN O
, , O
tongue NN O
, , O
neck NN O
and CC O
abdomen NN O
of IN O
a DT O
64 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male JJ O
patient NN O
after IN O
he PRP O
took VBD O
metoclopramide NN O
for IN O
gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
regimen NN O
of IN O
30 CD O
mg NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
for IN O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
about RB O
260 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
symptoms NNS O
exacerbated VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
maximum NN O
in IN O
a DT O
month NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
the DT O
metoclopramide NN O
administration NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
, , O
the DT O
abnormal JJ B-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
gradually RB O
improved VBD O
to IN O
a DT O
considerable JJ O
extent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Attention NN O
to IN O
the DT O
possible JJ O
induction NN O
of IN O
specific JJ O
tardive JJ B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
called VBN O
for IN O
in IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intra NNP O
- HYPH O
arterial JJ O
BCNU NNP O
chemotherapy NN O
for IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
malignant JJ B-Disease
gliomas NNS I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
of IN O
the DT O
rapid JJ O
systemic JJ O
clearance NN O
of IN O
BCNU NNP O
( : O
1 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
bis NN O
- HYPH O
( : O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
chloroethyl NN O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
nitrosourea NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
intra JJ O
- HYPH O
arterial JJ O
administration NN O
should MD O
provide VB O
a DT O
substantial JJ O
advantage NN O
over IN O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
malignant JJ B-Disease
gliomas NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
BCNU NNP O
every DT O
6 CD O
to TO O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
either CC O
by IN O
transfemoral JJ O
catheterization NN O
of IN O
the DT O
internal JJ O
carotid NN O
or CC O
vertebral JJ O
artery NN O
or CC O
through IN O
a DT O
fully RB O
implantable JJ O
intracarotid JJ O
drug NN O
delivery NN O
system NN O
, , O
beginning VBG O
with IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
200 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
sq NN O
m NN O
body NN O
surface NN O
area NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twelve CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Grade NNP O
III NNP O
or CC O
IV NN O
astrocytomas NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
treated VBN O
after IN O
partial JJ O
resection NN O
of IN O
the DT O
tumor NN B-Disease
without IN O
prior JJ O
radiation NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
two CD O
to TO O
seven CD O
cycles NNS O
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
, , O
nine CD O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
tumor NN B-Disease
size NN O
and CC O
surrounding VBG O
edema NN B-Disease
on IN O
contrast NN O
- HYPH O
enhanced VBN O
computerized VBN O
tomography NN O
scans NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
nine CD O
responders NNS O
, , O
median JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
response NN O
from IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
operation NN O
was VBD O
25 CD O
weeks NNS O
( : O
range NN O
12 CD O
to IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
91 CD O
weeks NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
median JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
survival NN O
in IN O
the DT O
12 CD O
patients NNS O
was VBD O
54 CD O
weeks NNS O
( : O
range NN O
21 CD O
to IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
156 CD O
weeks NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
an DT O
18 CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
survival NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
42 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
four CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
recurrent JJ O
Grade NNP O
I CD O
to IN O
IV NN O
astrocytomas NNS B-Disease
, , O
whose WP$ O
resection NN O
and CC O
irradiation NN O
therapy NN O
had VBD O
failed VBN O
, , O
received VBD O
two CD O
to TO O
eight CD O
courses NNS O
of IN O
intra JJ O
- HYPH O
arterial JJ O
BCNU NNP O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seventeen CD O
of IN O
these DT O
had VBD O
a DT O
response NN O
or CC O
were VBD O
stable JJ O
for IN O
a DT O
median NN O
of IN O
20 CD O
weeks NNS O
( : O
range NN O
6 CD O
to IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
66 CD O
weeks NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
catheterization NN O
procedure NN O
is VBZ O
safe JJ O
, , O
with IN O
no DT O
immediate JJ O
complication NN O
in IN O
111 CD O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
BCNU NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
delayed VBN O
complication NN O
in IN O
nine CD O
patients NNS O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
unilateral JJ O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
vision NN I-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
a DT O
retinal JJ B-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
visual JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
decreased VBD O
after IN O
the DT O
concentration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ethanol NN O
diluent NN O
was VBD O
lowered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Provocation NN O
of IN O
postural JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
by IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
in IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
autonomic JJ I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
? . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
on IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
was VBD O
compared VBN O
in IN O
5 CD O
normal JJ O
subjects NNS O
, , O
12 CD O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
subjects NNS O
without IN O
autonomic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
5 CD O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
subjects NNS O
with IN O
autonomic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
magnitude NN O
and CC O
time NN O
course NN O
of IN O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
the DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
after IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
and CC O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
subjects NNS O
without IN O
autonomic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
a DT O
lesser JJR O
increase NN O
in IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
a DT O
greater JJR O
decrease NN O
in IN O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
subjects NNS O
with IN O
autonomic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
therefore RB O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
caution NN O
should MD O
be VB O
exercised VBN O
when WRB O
prescribing VBG O
vasodilator NN O
drugs NNS O
in IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
particularly RB O
those DT O
with IN O
autonomic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blood NN O
pressure NN O
response NN O
to IN O
chronic JJ O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
intrarenal JJ O
noradrenaline NN O
infusion NN O
in IN O
conscious JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sodium NN O
chloride NN O
solution NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
noradrenaline NN O
in IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
4 CD O
, , O
12 CD O
and CC O
36 CD O
micrograms NNS O
h CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
kg NNS O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
was VBD O
infused VBN O
for IN O
five CD O
consecutive JJ O
days NNS O
, , O
either CC O
intrarenally RB O
( , O
by IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
technique NN O
) , O
or CC O
intravenously RB O
into IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
one CD O
kidney NN O
removed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intrarenal JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
noradrenaline NN O
caused VBD O
hypertension NN B-Disease
at IN O
doses NNS O
which WDT O
did VBD O
not RB O
do VB O
so RB O
when WRB O
infused VBN O
intravenously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intrarenal NNP O
compared VBN O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
noradrenaline NN O
caused VBD O
higher JJR O
plasma NN O
noradrenaline NN O
concentrations NNS O
and CC O
a DT O
shift NN O
of IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
noradrenaline NN O
concentration NN O
- HYPH O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
effect NN O
curve NN O
towards IN O
lower JJR O
plasma NN O
noradrenaline NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
after IN O
chronic JJ O
intrarenal JJ O
noradrenaline NN O
infusion NN O
is VBZ O
produced VBN O
by IN O
relatively RB O
higher JJR O
levels NNS O
of IN O
circulating VBG O
noradrenaline NN O
and CC O
by IN O
triggering VBG O
of IN O
an DT O
additional JJ O
intrarenal JJ O
pressor NN O
mechanism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Characterization NN O
of IN O
estrogen NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
adenohypophyseal JJ B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
Fischer NNP O
344 CD O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pituitary JJ B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
induced VBN O
in IN O
F344 CD O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
by IN O
chronic JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
diethylstilbestrol NN O
( , O
DES NNP O
, , O
8 CD O
- SYM O
10 CD O
mg NN O
) , O
implanted VBN O
subcutaneously RB O
in IN O
silastic JJ O
capsules NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Over IN O
a DT O
range NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
- SYM O
150 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
DES NNP O
treatment NN O
, , O
pairs NNS O
of IN O
control NN O
and CC O
DES NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
sacrificed VBN O
, , O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
pituitaries NNS O
dissociated VBN O
enzymatically RB O
into IN O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
cell NN O
preparations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cell NN O
populations NNS O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
regarding VBG O
total JJ O
cell NN O
recovery NN O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
gland NN O
weight NN O
, , O
intracellular JJ O
prolactin NN O
( , O
PRL NN O
) -RRB- O
content NN O
and CC O
subsequent JJ O
release NN O
in IN O
primary JJ O
culture NN O
, , O
immunocytochemical JJ O
PRL NN O
staining NN O
, , O
density NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
size NN O
alterations NNS O
via IN O
separation NN O
on IN O
Ficoll NNP O
- HYPH O
Hypaque NNP O
and CC O
by IN O
unit NN O
gravity NN O
sedimentation NN O
, , O
and CC O
cell NN O
cycle NN O
analysis NN O
, , O
after IN O
acriflavine NN O
DNA NN O
staining VBG O
, , O
by IN O
laser NN O
flow NN O
cytometry NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Total JJ O
cell NN O
yields NNS O
from IN O
DES NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
pituitaries NNS O
increased VBD O
from IN O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
times NNS O
control NN O
yields NNS O
at IN O
8 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
to IN O
58 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
times NNS O
control NN O
values NNS O
by IN O
day NN O
150 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracellular JJ O
PRL NN O
content NN O
ranged VBD O
from IN O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
to IN O
9 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
times NNS O
control NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
and CC O
PRL NN O
release NN O
in IN O
vitro NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
and CC O
consistently RB O
higher JJR O
than IN O
controls NNS O
, , O
after IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
8 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
DES NNP O
exposure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Beyond IN O
8 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
DES NNP O
exposure NN O
, , O
the DT O
immunochemically RB O
PRL JJ O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
proportion NN O
of IN O
cells NNS O
increased VBD O
to IN O
over IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased JJ O
density NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
size NN O
and CC O
PRL NN O
content NN O
were VBD O
indicated VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
majority NN O
of IN O
the DT O
PRL NNP O
cell NN O
population NN O
in IN O
both DT O
types NNS O
of IN O
separation NN O
protocols NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All PDT O
these DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
DES NNP O
were VBD O
more RBR O
pronounced VBN O
among IN O
previously RB O
ovariectomized VBN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
extend VBP O
the DT O
findings NNS O
of IN O
other JJ O
investigators NNS O
, , O
further RB O
establishing VBG O
the DT O
DES NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tumor NN B-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
model NN O
for IN O
study NN O
of IN O
PRL NNP O
cellular JJ O
control NN O
mechanisms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Age NN O
and CC O
renal JJ O
clearance NN O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
35 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
ages NNS O
20 CD O
to TO O
86 CD O
yr CD O
) , O
receiving VBG O
cimetidine NN O
therapeutically RB O
two CD O
serum JJ O
samples NNS O
and CC O
all DT O
urine NN O
formed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
interim JJ O
were VBD O
collected VBN O
for IN O
analysis NN O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
by IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
pressure NN O
liquid NN O
chromatography NN O
and CC O
for IN O
creatinine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cimetidine NN O
clearance NN O
decreased VBD O
with IN O
age NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
extrapolated JJ O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
hr JJ O
serum NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
per IN O
unit NN O
dose NN O
, , O
after IN O
intravenous JJ O
cimetidine NN O
, , O
increased VBD O
with IN O
age NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
ratio NN O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
clearance NN O
to IN O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
( -LRB- O
Rc NNP O
) -RRB- O
averaged VBD O
4 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
, , O
indicating VBG O
net JJ O
tubular JJ O
secretion NN O
for IN O
cimetidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rc NNP O
seemed VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
independent JJ O
of IN O
age NN O
and CC O
decreased VBN O
with IN O
increasing VBG O
serum JJ O
concentration NN O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
secretion NN O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
saturable JJ O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
only RB O
one CD O
case NN O
of IN O
dementia NN B-Disease
possibly RB O
due JJ O
to IN O
cimetidine NN O
( , O
with IN O
a DT O
drug NN O
level NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
microgram NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
6 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
) , O
in IN O
a DT O
group NN O
of IN O
13 CD O
patients NNS O
without IN O
liver NN B-Disease
or CC I-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
who WP O
had VBD O
cimetidine NN O
levels NNS O
above IN O
1 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
microgram NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
high JJ O
cimetidine NN O
levels NNS O
alone RB O
do VBP O
not RB O
always RB O
induce VB O
dementia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
observations NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
electrophysiologic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
oral JJ O
amiodarone NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
of IN O
a DT O
reversible JJ O
intra JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Hisian JJ I-Disease
block NN I-Disease
occurring VBG O
under IN O
amiodarone NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
without IN O
clear JJ O
intraventricular JJ B-Disease
conduction NN I-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
His PRP$ O
bundle NN O
recordings NNS O
showed VBD O
an DT O
atrial JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
with IN O
intermittent JJ O
exit NN O
block NN O
and CC O
greatly RB O
prolonged VBN O
BH NNP O
and CC O
HV NNP O
intervals NNS O
( : O
40 CD O
and CC O
100 CD O
msec NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
amiodarone NN O
discontinuation NN O
, , O
His PRP$ O
bundle NN O
electrograms NNS O
showed VBD O
atrial JJ B-Disease
flutter NN I-Disease
without IN O
intra JJ O
- HYPH O
Hisian JJ O
or CC O
infra JJ O
- HYPH O
Hisian JJ O
delay NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amiodarone NN O
should MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
with IN O
caution NN O
during IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
oral JJ O
therapy NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
clear JJ O
intraventricular JJ O
conduction NN O
defects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Development NN O
of IN O
clear JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
adenocarcinoma NN I-Disease
in IN O
DES NNP O
- HYPH O
exposed VBN O
offspring NN O
under IN O
observation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
clear JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
adenocarcinoma NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
vagina NN I-Disease
detected VBN O
at IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
in IN O
young JJ O
women NNS O
exposed VBN O
in IN O
utero NN O
to IN O
diethylstilbestrol NN O
are VBP O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
, , O
aged JJ O
23 CD O
, , O
had VBD O
been VBN O
followed VBN O
for IN O
2 CD O
years NNS O
before IN O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
was VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
; : O
the DT O
second JJ O
patient NN O
, , O
aged VBN O
22 CD O
, , O
had VBD O
been VBN O
seen VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
regular JJ O
basis NN O
for IN O
5 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
8 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
both DT O
instances NNS O
, , O
suspicion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
was VBD O
aroused VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
palpation NN O
of IN O
a DT O
small JJ O
nodule NN O
in IN O
the DT O
vaginal JJ O
fornix NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hysterosalpingography NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
on IN O
both DT O
patients NNS O
and CC O
, , O
in IN O
1 CD O
instance NN O
, , O
an DT O
abnormal JJ O
x NN O
- HYPH O
ray NN O
film NN O
was VBD O
reflected VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
gross JJ O
appearance NN O
of IN O
the DT O
uterine JJ O
cavity NN O
found VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
surgical JJ O
specimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neurologic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
subarachnoid NN O
administration NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
chloroprocaine NN O
- HYPH O
CE NN O
, , O
bupivacaine NN O
, , O
and CC O
low JJ O
pH NN O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
in IN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
neurologic JJ O
consequences NNS O
of IN O
deliberate JJ O
subarachnoid NN O
injection NN O
of IN O
large JJ O
volumes NNS O
of IN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
chloroprocaine NN O
- HYPH O
CE NN O
in IN O
experimental JJ O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possible JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
low JJ O
pH NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
total JJ O
volume NN O
as IN O
potential JJ O
factors NNS O
in IN O
causing VBG O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
65 CD O
dogs NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
received VBD O
injections NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
subarachnoid NN O
space NN O
as IN O
follows VBZ O
: : O
6 CD O
to TO O
8 CD O
ml NNS O
of IN O
bupivacaine NN O
( , O
N NNP O
= SYM O
15 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
chloroprocaine NN O
- HYPH O
CE NN O
( , O
N NNP O
= SYM O
20 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
low JJ O
pH NN O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
( , O
pH NN O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
) -RRB- O
( , O
N CD O
= SYM O
20 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
( HYPH O
N NNP O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
20 CD O
animals NNS O
that WDT O
received VBD O
subarachnoid NN O
injection NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
chloroprocaine NN O
- HYPH O
CE NN O
seven CD O
( : O
35 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBN O
hind JJ O
- HYPH O
limb NN O
paralysis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
that WDT O
received VBD O
bupivacaine NN O
, , O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
, , O
or CC O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
titrated VBD O
to IN O
a DT O
pH NN O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
developed VBN O
hind NN O
- HYPH O
limb NN O
paralysis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
15 CD O
spinal JJ O
cords NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
that WDT O
received VBD O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
chloroprocaine NN O
- HYPH O
CE NNP O
, , O
13 CD O
showed VBD O
subpial JJ B-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
; : O
the DT O
nerve JJ O
roots NNS O
and CC O
subarachnoid NN O
vessels NNS O
were VBD O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
spinal JJ O
cords NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
that WDT O
received VBD O
bupivacaine NN O
, , O
low JJ O
pH NN O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
( , O
pH NN O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
show VB O
abnormal JJ O
findings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Procainamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
polymorphous JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seven CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
procainamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
polymorphous JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
are VBP O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
four CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
polymorphous JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
appeared VBD O
after IN O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
200 CD O
to TO O
400 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
procainamide NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
sustained VBN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
three CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
procainamide NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
orally RB O
for IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
premature JJ B-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
contractions NNS I-Disease
or CC O
atrial JJ B-Disease
flutter NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
Q NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
T NN I-Disease
prolongation NN I-Disease
and CC O
recurrent JJ O
syncope NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
polymorphous JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
four CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
the DT O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
rapidly RB O
diagnosed VBN O
and CC O
treated VBN O
with IN O
disappearance NN O
of IN O
further JJ O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
the DT O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
degenerated VBD O
into IN O
irreversible JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
and CC O
both DT O
patients NNS O
died VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
seventh JJ O
patient NN O
, , O
a DT O
permanent JJ O
ventricular JJ O
pacemaker NN O
was VBD O
inserted VBN O
and CC O
, , O
despite IN O
continuation NN O
of IN O
procainamide NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
polymorphous JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
reoccur VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
seven CD O
cases NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
procainamide NN O
can MD O
produce VB O
an DT O
acquired VBN O
prolonged VBN B-Disease
Q NNP I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
T NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
with IN O
polymorphous JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phenobarbitone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
enlargement NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
: : O
its PRP$ O
relationship NN O
to IN O
carbon NN O
tetrachloride NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
yield NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
( , O
defined VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
shrunken VBN O
finely RB O
nodular JJ O
liver NN O
with IN O
micronodular JJ O
histology NN O
, , O
ascites NNS B-Disease
greater JJR O
than IN O
30 CD O
ml NNS O
, , O
plasma NN O
albumin NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
2 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl NN O
, , O
splenomegaly NN B-Disease
2 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
times NNS O
normal JJ O
, , O
and CC O
testicular JJ O
atrophy NN B-Disease
approximately RB O
half PDT O
normal JJ O
weight NN O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
12 CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
carbon NN O
tetrachloride NN O
given VBN O
intragastrically RB O
in IN O
the DT O
phenobarbitone NN O
- HYPH O
primed VBN O
rat NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
from IN O
25 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
56 CD O
% NN O
by IN O
giving VBG O
the DT O
initial JJ O
"""" `` O
calibrating VBG O
"""" '' O
dose NN O
of IN O
carbon NN O
tetrachloride NN O
at IN O
the DT O
peak NN O
of IN O
the DT O
phenobarbitone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
enlargement NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
this DT O
point NN O
it PRP O
was VBD O
assumed VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
cytochrome NN O
P450 NNP O
/ SYM O
CCl4 NNP O
toxic JJ O
state NN O
was VBD O
both CC O
maximal JJ O
and CC O
stable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
optimal JJ O
rat NN O
size NN O
to TO O
begin VB O
phenobarbitone NN O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
as IN O
100 CD O
g NN O
, , O
and CC O
this DT O
size NN O
as IN O
a DT O
group NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
mean JJ O
maximum JJ O
relative JJ O
liver NN O
weight NN O
increase NN O
47 CD O
% NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
normal JJ O
rats NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
body NN O
weight NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
optimal JJ O
time NN O
for IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
carbon NN O
tetrachloride NN O
was VBD O
after IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
on IN O
phenobarbitone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Triamterene NN O
nephrolithiasis NN B-Disease
complicating VBG O
dyazide NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
triamterene NN O
nephrolithiasis NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
man NN O
after IN O
4 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
hydrochlorothiazide NN O
- HYPH O
triamterene NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
stone NN O
passed VBD O
spontaneously RB O
and CC O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
contain VB O
a DT O
triamterene NN O
metabolite NN O
admixed VBN O
with IN O
uric JJ O
acid NN O
salts NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Factors NNS O
affecting VBG O
triamterene NN O
nephrolithiasis NN B-Disease
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
and CC O
2 CD O
previously RB O
reported VBN O
cases NNS O
are VBP O
reviewed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Busulfan NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
busulfan NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Spontaneous JJ O
resolution NN O
occurred VBD O
following VBG O
cessation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
similarity NN O
between IN O
the DT O
histologic JJ O
appearances NNS O
of IN O
busulfan JJ O
cystitis NN B-Disease
and CC O
both CC O
radiation NN O
and CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
discussed VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
world NN O
literature NN O
reviewed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
view NN O
of IN O
the DT O
known VBN O
tendency NN O
of IN O
busulfan NN O
to TO O
induce VB O
cellular JJ O
atypia NN O
and CC O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
in IN O
other JJ O
sites NNS O
, , O
periodic JJ O
urinary JJ O
cytology NN O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
on IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Variant JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
in IN O
desipramine NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
variant JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
desipramine NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Unusual JJ O
features NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
are VBP O
repetitive JJ O
group NN O
beating NN O
, , O
progressive JJ O
shortening NN O
of IN O
the DT O
R NNP O
- HYPH O
R NN O
interval NN O
, , O
progressive JJ O
widening NN O
of IN O
the DT O
QRS NNP O
complex NN O
with IN O
eventual JJ O
failure NN O
of IN O
intraventricular JJ O
conduction NN O
, , O
and CC O
changes NNS O
in IN O
direction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
QRS NNP O
axis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recognition NN O
of IN O
variant JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
important JJ O
because IN O
therapy NN O
differs VBZ O
from IN O
that DT O
of IN O
classic JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rebound NN O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
after IN O
sodium NN O
nitroprusside NN O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
saralasin NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
role NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renin JJ O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
angiotensin NN O
system NN O
in IN O
the DT O
maintenance NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
during IN O
halothane NN O
anesthesia NN O
and CC O
sodium NN O
nitroprusside NN O
( , O
SNP NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Control NN O
rats NNS O
received VBD O
halothane NN O
anesthesia NN O
( , O
1 CD O
MAC NNP O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
one CD O
hour NN O
, , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
SNP NNP O
infusion NN O
, , O
40 CD O
microgram NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
, , O
for IN O
30 CD O
min NN O
, , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
min NN O
recovery NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
second JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
identically RB O
and CC O
, , O
in IN O
addition NN O
, , O
received VBD O
an DT O
infusion NN O
of IN O
saralasin NN O
( , O
a DT O
competitive JJ O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
angiotensin NN O
II NNP O
) -RRB- O
throughout IN O
the DT O
experimental JJ O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
each DT O
group NN O
, , O
SNP NNP O
infusion NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
an DT O
initial JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
from IN O
86 CD O
torr NN O
and CC O
83 CD O
torr NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
to IN O
48 CD O
torr NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
SNP NNP O
infusion NN O
the DT O
control NN O
animals NNS O
demonstrated VBD O
a DT O
progressive JJ O
increase NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
to IN O
61 CD O
torr NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
the DT O
saralasin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
showed VBD O
no DT O
change NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
SNP NNP O
, , O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
animals NNS O
rebounded VBD O
to IN O
94 CD O
torr NN O
, , O
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
78 CD O
torr NN O
in IN O
the DT O
saralasin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
with IN O
stable JJ O
halothane NN O
anesthesia NN O
, , O
the DT O
partial JJ O
recovery NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
during IN O
SNP NNP O
infusion NN O
and CC O
the DT O
post NN O
- HYPH O
SNP NN O
rebound NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
can MD O
be VB O
completely RB O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
saralasin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
demonstrates VBZ O
the DT O
participation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renin JJ O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
angiotensin NN O
system NN O
in IN O
antagonizing VBG O
the DT O
combined VBN O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
halothane NN O
and CC O
SNP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
tobramycin NN O
and CC O
gentamicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nearly RB O
3 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
million CD O
people NNS O
in IN O
this DT O
country NN O
receive VBP O
aminoglycoside NN O
antibiotics NNS O
annually RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gentamicin NN O
sulfate NN O
and CC O
tobramycin NN O
sulfate NN O
continue VBP O
to TO O
demonstrate VB O
ototoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
both CC O
animal NN O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
62 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
confirmed VBN O
initial JJ O
normal JJ O
renal JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
treated VBN O
with IN O
2 CD O
to TO O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
of IN O
gentamicin NN O
sulfate NN O
or CC O
tobramycin NN O
sulfate NN O
for IN O
a DT O
minimum NN O
of IN O
seven CD O
days NNS O
were VBD O
followed VBN O
up RP O
prospectively RB O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
aminoglycoside NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
defined VBN O
as IN O
at IN O
least JJS O
a DT O
one CD O
- HYPH O
third NN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
these DT O
62 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
no DT O
other JJ O
causes NNS O
for IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
could MD O
be VB O
identified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
of IN O
33 CD O
( SYM O
15 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
of IN O
the DT O
tobramycin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
and CC O
16 CD O
of IN O
29 CD O
( SYM O
55 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
the DT O
gentamicin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
gentamicin NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
more RBR O
than IN O
three CD O
times NNS O
as RB O
often RB O
as IN O
was VBD O
tobramycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metabolic JJ O
involvement NN O
in IN O
adriamycin NN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cardiotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
mammalian JJ O
myocardial JJ O
cells NNS O
in IN O
culture NN O
as IN O
a DT O
model NN O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adriamycin NNP O
inhibited VBD O
cell NN O
growth NN O
and CC O
the DT O
rhythmic JJ O
contractions NNS O
characteristic JJ O
of IN O
myocardial JJ O
cells NNS O
in IN O
culture NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
possible JJ O
involvement NN O
of IN O
energy NN O
metabolism NN O
was VBD O
suggested VBN O
previously RB O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
this DT O
study NN O
the DT O
adenylate JJ O
energy NN O
charge NN O
and CC O
phosphorylcreatine NN O
mole NN O
fraction NN O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
adenylate JJ O
energy NN O
charge NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
significantly RB O
decreased VBN O
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
phophorylcreatine NN O
mole NN O
fraction NN O
was VBD O
unchanged JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
disparity NN O
suggests VBZ O
an DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
creatine JJ O
phosphokinase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
mM NN O
adenosine NN O
to IN O
the DT O
myocardial JJ O
cell NN O
cultures NNS O
markedly RB O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
ATP NNP O
concentration NN O
through IN O
a DT O
pathway NN O
reportedly RB O
leading VBG O
to IN O
a DT O
compartmentalized JJ O
ATP NNP O
pool NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
cells NNS O
, , O
the DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
adenosine NN O
increased VBD O
the DT O
adenylate NN O
charge NN O
and CC O
, , O
concomitant JJ O
with IN O
this DT O
inrcease NN O
, , O
the DT O
cells NNS O
' POS O
functional JJ O
integrity NN O
, , O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
percentage NN O
of IN O
beating VBG O
cells NNS O
and CC O
rate NN O
of IN O
contractions NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
maintained VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Age NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
sensitivity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
to IN O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
streptomycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Streptomycin NN O
sulfate NN O
( , O
300 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
for IN O
various JJ O
periods NNS O
into IN O
preweanling JJ O
rats NNS O
and CC O
for IN O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
into IN O
weanling VBG O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Beginning VBG O
at IN O
8 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
, , O
body NN O
movement NN O
and CC O
hearing NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
for IN O
6 CD O
and CC O
up IN O
to TO O
17 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Abnormal JJ B-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
and CC O
deafness NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
only RB O
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
preweaning NN O
period NN O
; , O
within IN O
this DT O
period NN O
the DT O
greatest JJS O
sensitivities NNS O
for IN O
these DT O
abnormalities NNS O
occurred VBD O
from IN O
2 CD O
to IN O
11 CD O
- SYM O
17 CD O
and CC O
5 CD O
to TO O
11 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
the DT O
cochlea NN O
is VBZ O
more RBR O
sensitive JJ O
to IN O
streptomycin NN O
than IN O
the DT O
site NN O
( , O
vestibular JJ O
or CC O
central JJ O
) -RRB- O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Late JJ O
, , O
late JJ O
doxorubicin NN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
complication NN O
which WDT O
limits VBZ O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
as IN O
a DT O
chemotherapeutic JJ O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
frequent JJ O
when WRB O
the DT O
total JJ O
dose NN O
exceeds VBZ O
600 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
and CC O
occurs VBZ O
within IN O
one CD O
to TO O
six CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
patient NN O
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
progressive JJ O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
two CD O
and CC O
one CD O
- HYPH O
half NN O
years NNS O
after IN O
receiving VBG O
580 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
which WDT O
apparently RB O
represents VBZ O
late JJ O
, , O
late JJ O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Attenuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
by IN O
amiloride NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
amiloride NN O
on IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
polydipsia NN B-Disease
and CC O
polyuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
on IN O
the DT O
lithium NN O
concentration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
, , O
brain NN O
, , O
kidney NN O
, , O
thyroid NN O
and CC O
red JJ O
blood NN O
cells NNS O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
chronically RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
LiCl NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amiloride NN O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
drinking NN O
and CC O
urine NN O
volume NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
in IN O
an DT O
acute JJ O
( , O
6 CD O
or CC O
12 CD O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
subacute JJ O
( , O
3 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
experiment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
6 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
amiloride NN O
, , O
a DT O
reduction NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
lithium NN O
content NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renal JJ O
medulla NN O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
organs NNS O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
12 CD O
h NN O
, , O
all PDT O
the DT O
tissues NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
slight JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
lithium NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
combined VBN O
treatment NN O
, , O
a DT O
marked VBN O
elevation NN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
and CC O
tissue NN O
lithium NN O
levels NNS O
accompanied VBD O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
water NN O
intake NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
all PDT O
the DT O
experiments NNS O
, , O
the DT O
attenuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
by IN O
amiloride NN O
was VBD O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ratio NN O
between IN O
the DT O
lithium NN O
concentration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
renal JJ O
medulla NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
levels NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
and CC O
an DT O
elevation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
potassium NN O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
acute JJ O
amiloride NN O
administration NN O
to IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
polydipsia NN B-Disease
and CC O
polyuria NN B-Disease
might MD O
relieve VB O
these DT O
patients NNS O
but CC O
prolonged VBN O
amiloride NN O
supplementation NN O
would MD O
result VB O
in IN O
elevated JJ O
lithium NN O
levels NNS O
and CC O
might MD O
be VB O
hazardous JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
terbutaline NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
preterm JJ B-Disease
labor NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
eight CD O
of IN O
160 CD O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
terbutaline NN O
for IN O
preterm JJ B-Disease
labor NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Associated JJ O
corticosteroid NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
twin JJ O
gestations NNS O
appear VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
predisposing VBG O
factors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Potential JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
pathophysiology NN O
are VBP O
briefly RB O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Toxic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
antithyroid JJ O
drugs NNS O
: : O
four CD O
cases NNS O
including VBG O
one CD O
with IN O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
reactivity NN O
between IN O
carbimazole NN O
and CC O
benzylthiouracil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
adverse JJ I-Disease
effects NNS I-Disease
encountered VBN O
with IN O
antithyroid JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Retrospective JJ O
review NN O
of IN O
medical JJ O
records NNS O
of IN O
236 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
hyperthyroidism NN B-Disease
admitted VBN O
in IN O
our PRP$ O
department NN O
( HYPH O
in IN O
- HYPH O
or CC O
out IN O
- HYPH O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
1986 CD O
to IN O
1992 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Four CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
1 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
identified VBN O
with IN O
toxic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
which WDT O
could MD O
reasonably RB O
be VB O
attributed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
antithyroid NN O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
carbimazole NN O
( HYPH O
N NNP O
omercazole NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
others NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
mixed JJ O
( , O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
and CC O
cytolytic JJ O
) , O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
following VBG O
carbimazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
of IN O
the DT O
latter JJ O
two CD O
patients NNS O
further RBR O
experienced VBD O
a DT O
cytolytic JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
which WDT O
appeared VBD O
after IN O
Benzylthiouracil NNP O
( : O
Basd NNP O
ne CD O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
replaced VBN O
carbimazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Biological JJ O
features NNS O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
disappeared VBD O
in IN O
all DT O
cases NNS O
after IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
incriminated JJ O
drug NN O
, , O
while IN O
biliary JJ O
, , O
viral JJ O
and CC O
immunological JJ O
searches NNS O
were VBD O
negative JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Only RB O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
retrospective JJ O
study NN O
experienced VBD O
a DT O
mild JJ O
or CC O
severe JJ O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Toxic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
potential JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
antithyroid JJ O
drugs NNS O
which WDT O
warrants VBZ O
, , O
as IN O
for IN O
haematological JJ O
disturbances NNS O
, , O
a DT O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
therapeutic JJ O
determination NN O
and CC O
a DT O
careful JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
relevant JJ O
biological JJ O
markers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
may MD O
not RB O
be VB O
restricted VBN O
to IN O
one CD O
class NN O
of IN O
antithyroid NN O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Interactive JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
variations NNS O
in IN O
[ -LRB- O
Na NN O
] -RRB- O
o -RRB- O
and CC O
[ -LRB- O
Ca NN O
] -RRB- O
o NN O
on IN O
rat JJ O
atrial JJ O
spontaneous JJ O
frequency NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
varying VBG O
the DT O
extracellular JJ O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
Na NN O
and CC O
Ca NN O
( , O
[ -LRB- O
Na NN O
] -RRB- O
o NN O
and CC O
[ -LRB- O
Ca NN O
] -RRB- O
o NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
both DT O
, , O
the DT O
spontaneous JJ O
beating NN O
and CC O
the DT O
negative JJ O
chronotropic JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
verapamil NN O
, , O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
isolated VBN O
rat NN O
atria NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Basal NNP O
frequency NN O
( -LRB- O
BF NNP O
) -RRB- O
evaluated VBN O
by IN O
surface NN O
electrogram NN O
was VBD O
223 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
beats NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
. . O
in IN O
control NN O
Krebs NNP O
- HYPH O
Ringer NN O
containing VBG O
137 CD O
mM NN O
Na NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
35 CD O
mM NN O
Ca NN O
( HYPH O
N NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
decreased VBD O
by IN O
16 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
3 CD O
% NN O
by IN O
lowering VBG O
[ -LRB- O
Na NN O
] -RRB- O
o CD O
to IN O
78 CD O
mM NN O
( -LRB- O
LNa NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
23 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
% NN O
by IN O
lowering VBG O
simultaneously RB O
[ -LRB- O
Na NN O
] -RRB- O
o CD O
to IN O
78 CD O
mM NN O
and CC O
[ -LRB- O
Ca NN O
] -RRB- O
o CD O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
675 CD O
mM NN O
( : O
LNa NN O
+ CC O
LCa NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
31 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
5 CD O
% NN O
by IN O
lowering VBG O
[ -LRB- O
Na NN O
] -RRB- O
o CD O
to TO O
78 CD O
mM NN O
plus CC O
increasing VBG O
[ -LRB- O
Ca NN O
] -RRB- O
o CD O
to IN O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mM NN O
( -LRB- O
LNa NN O
+ CC O
HCa NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
normal JJ O
[ -LRB- O
Na NN O
] -RRB- O
o UH O
, , O
decrease NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
675 CD O
mM NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
increase VB O
( , O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mM NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
[ -LRB- O
Ca NN O
] -RRB- O
o '' O
did VBD O
not RB O
modify VB O
BF NNP O
; : O
a DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
ten CD O
times NNS O
( SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
135 CD O
mM NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
[ -LRB- O
Ca NN O
] -RRB- O
o CD O
was VBD O
effective JJ O
to TO O
reduce VB O
BF NNP O
by IN O
40 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
13 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
negative JJ O
chronotropic JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
BF NNP O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
verapamil NN O
was VBD O
potentiated VBN O
by IN O
LNa NNP O
, , O
LCa NNP O
, , O
and CC O
HCa NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Independent JJ O
but CC O
not RB O
additive JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
Na NNP O
and CC O
Ca NN O
are VBP O
shown VBN O
by IN O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
values NNS O
of IN O
[ -LRB- O
verapamil NN O
] -RRB- O
o DT O
needed VBN O
to TO O
reduce VB O
BF NNP O
by IN O
30 CD O
% NN O
( -LRB- O
IC30 NNP O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
order NN O
of IN O
inhibitory JJ O
potency NN O
: : O
LNa NNP O
> : O
LCa NNP O
> NFP O
HCa NN O
> : O
N NN O
, , O
resulting VBG O
LNa NNP O
+ CC O
HCa NN O
similar JJ O
to IN O
LNa NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
[ -LRB- O
verapamil NN O
] -RRB- O
o '' O
that WDT O
arrested VBD O
atrial JJ O
beating NN O
( , O
AC NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
also RB O
potentiated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
order NN O
LNa NNP O
= : O
LNa NNP O
+ SYM O
LCa NNP O
= : O
LNa NNP O
+ SYM O
HCa NN O
= : O
LCa NN O
> NFP O
HCa NN O
= SYM O
N NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
rat JJ O
atrial JJ O
spontaneous JJ O
beating NN O
is VBZ O
more RBR O
dependent JJ O
on IN O
[ -LRB- O
Na NNP O
] -RRB- O
o NN O
than IN O
on IN O
[ -LRB- O
Ca NN O
] -RRB- O
o IN O
in IN O
a DT O
range NN O
of IN O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
normal JJ O
concentration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Also RB O
the DT O
enhancement NN O
of IN O
verapamil JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
atrial JJ O
beating NN O
was VBD O
more RBR O
pronounced JJ O
at IN O
LNa NNP O
than IN O
at IN O
LCa NNP O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) -RRB- O
null null null-Disease
Pseudo JJ O
- HYPH O
allergic JJ B-Disease
reactions NNS I-Disease
to IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
: : O
diagnosis NN O
and CC O
alternatives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
parenteral JJ O
paramethasone NN O
( : O
Triniol NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
dexamethasone NN O
( , O
Sedionbel NNP O
) -RRB- O
are VBP O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
few JJ O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drugs NNS O
, , O
they PRP O
presented VBD O
urticaria NN B-Disease
( , O
patients NNS O
1 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
conjunctivitis NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
patient NN O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
' POS O
reactions NNS O
, , O
the DT O
immunological JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
involved VBN O
and CC O
whether IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
would MD O
be VB O
able JJ O
to TO O
tolerate VB O
any DT O
kind NN O
of IN O
corticoid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
examinations NNS O
and CC O
skin NN O
, , O
oral JJ O
and CC O
parenteral JJ O
challenges NNS O
with IN O
different JJ O
corticosteroids NNS O
and CC O
ELISA NNP O
tests NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
two CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
skin NN O
and CC O
ELISA NNP O
tests NNS O
with IN O
paramethasone NN O
were VBD O
negative JJ O
, , O
as IN O
was VBD O
the DT O
prick NN O
test NN O
with IN O
each DT O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
excipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
parenteral JJ O
challenge NN O
with IN O
Triniol NNP O
was VBD O
positive JJ O
in IN O
both DT O
patients NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
ml NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
, , O
and CC O
negative JJ O
with IN O
its PRP$ O
excipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
also RB O
carried VBD O
out RP O
oral JJ O
and CC O
parenteral JJ O
challenges NNS O
with IN O
other JJ O
corticosteroids NNS O
and CC O
found VBD O
intolerance NN O
to IN O
some DT O
of IN O
them PRP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
paramethasone NN O
caused VBD O
pseudoallergic JJ O
reactions NNS O
in IN O
our PRP$ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Corticosteroids NNS O
different JJ O
from IN O
paramethasone NN O
also RB O
produced VBD O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
reactions NNS O
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
a DT O
few JJ O
of IN O
them PRP O
were VBD O
tolerated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
basic JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
those DT O
reactions NNS O
are VBP O
not RB O
yet RB O
fully RB O
understood VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
our PRP$ O
knowledge NN O
, , O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
report NN O
of IN O
a DT O
pseudo JJ O
- HYPH O
allergy NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
paramethasone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
B12 NN O
and CC O
folinic JJ O
acid NN O
supplementation NN O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
hematologic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
zidovudine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
prospective JJ O
, , O
randomized VBN O
study NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
B12 NN O
and CC O
folinic JJ O
acid NN O
supplementation NN O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
zidovudine NN O
( -LRB- O
ZDV NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
bone NN B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
suppression NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seventy CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
human JJ B-Disease
immunodeficiency NN I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
( , I-Disease
HIV NNP I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
CD4 NNP O
+ CC O
cell NN O
counts NNS O
< SYM O
500 CD O
/ SYM O
mm3 CD O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
either CC O
ZDV NNP O
( SYM O
500 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
) , O
alone RB O
( , O
group NN O
I NNP O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
38 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
folinic JJ O
acid NN O
( : O
15 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
) , O
and CC O
intramascular JJ O
vitamin NN O
B12 NN O
( SYM O
1000 CD O
micrograms NNS O
monthly JJ O
) -RRB- O
( , O
group NN O
II CD O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
37 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
15 CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
excluded VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
study NN O
( , O
noncompliance NN O
14 CD O
, , O
death NN B-Disease
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
thus RB O
, , O
60 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
31 CD O
in IN O
group NN O
I NN O
and CC O
29 CD O
in IN O
group NN O
II CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
eligible JJ O
for IN O
analysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
between IN O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
at IN O
enrollment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
study NN O
, , O
vitamin NN O
B12 NN O
and CC O
folate NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
in IN O
group NN O
II NNP O
patients NNS O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
no DT O
differences NNS O
in IN O
hemoglobin NN O
, , O
hematocrit NN O
, , O
mean JJ O
corpuscular JJ O
volume NN O
, , O
and CC O
white JJ O
- HYPH O
cell NN O
, , O
neutrophil NN O
and CC O
platelet NN O
counts NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
between IN O
groups NNS O
at IN O
3 CD O
, , O
6 CD O
, , O
9 CD O
and CC O
12 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
hematologic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
neutrophil NN O
count NN O
< SYM O
1000 CD O
/ SYM O
mm3 NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
hemoglobin NN O
< SYM O
8 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl NN O
) -RRB- O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
4 CD O
patients NNS O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
group NN O
I NN O
and CC O
7 CD O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
group NN O
II CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
correlation NN O
between IN O
vitamin NN O
B12 NN O
or CC O
folate NN O
levels NNS O
and CC O
development NN O
of IN O
myelosuppression NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vitamin NN O
B12 NN O
and CC O
folinic JJ O
acid NN O
supplementation NN O
of IN O
ZDV NN O
therapy NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
seem VB O
useful JJ O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
or CC O
reducing VBG O
ZDV NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myelotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
overall JJ O
treated VBN O
population NN O
, , O
although IN O
a DT O
beneficial JJ O
effect NN O
in IN O
certain JJ O
subgroups NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
cannot MD O
be VB O
excluded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Safety NN O
and CC O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effects NNS O
of IN O
alprazolam NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Controlled VBN O
study NN O
in IN O
agoraphobia NN B-Disease
with IN O
panic NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
widespread JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
benzodiazepines NNS O
has VBZ O
led VBN O
to IN O
increasing VBG O
recognition NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
unwanted JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
alprazolam NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
in IN O
panic NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
with IN O
agoraphobia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
and CC O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
profiles NNS O
of IN O
both DT O
drug NN O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
In IN O
London NNP O
and CC O
Toronto NNP O
154 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
met VBD O
DSM NNP O
- HYPH O
III NNP O
criteria NNS O
for IN O
panic NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
with IN O
agoraphobia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
randomised VBN O
to IN O
alprazolam NN O
or CC O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjects NNS O
in IN O
each DT O
drug NN O
group NN O
also RB O
received VBD O
either CC O
exposure NN O
or CC O
relaxation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
was VBD O
from IN O
weeks NNS O
0 CD O
to IN O
8 CD O
and CC O
was VBD O
then RB O
tapered VBN O
from IN O
weeks NNS O
8 CD O
to IN O
16 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Mean JJ O
alprazolam NN O
dose NN O
was VBD O
5 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
subjects NNS O
, , O
alprazolam NN O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
more RBR O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
( : O
21 CD O
% NN O
v NN O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
depression NN B-Disease
, , O
enuresis NN B-Disease
, , O
disinhibition NN O
and CC O
aggression NN B-Disease
; , O
and CC O
more JJR O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effects NNS O
, , O
particularly RB O
sedation NN O
, , O
irritability NN B-Disease
, , O
impaired VBN B-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
, , O
weight NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
and CC O
ataxia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Side NN O
- HYPH O
effects NNS O
tended VBD O
to TO O
diminish VB O
during IN O
treatment NN O
but CC O
remained VBD O
significant JJ O
at IN O
week NN O
8 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
this DT O
, , O
the DT O
drop NN O
- HYPH O
out RP O
rate NN O
was VBD O
low JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Alprazolam NNP O
caused VBD O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effects NNS O
and CC O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
during IN O
treatment NN O
but CC O
many JJ O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
willing JJ O
to TO O
accept VB O
these DT O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Crescentic JJ O
fibrillary NN O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
intermittent JJ O
rifampin NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
tuberculosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
study NN O
reveals VBZ O
an DT O
unusual JJ O
finding NN O
of IN O
rapidly RB O
proliferative JJ O
crescentic JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
rifampin NN O
who WP O
had VBD O
no DT O
other JJ O
identifiable JJ O
causes NNS O
for IN O
developing VBG O
this DT O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
patient NN O
underwent VBD O
a DT O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
regimen NN O
of IN O
rifampin NN O
and CC O
isoniazid NN O
for IN O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
tuberculosis NN I-Disease
and CC O
was VBD O
discovered VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
developed VBN O
signs NNS O
of IN O
severe JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
five CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
completion NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
biopsy NN O
revealed VBD O
severe JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
with IN O
crescents NNS O
, , O
electron NN O
dense JJ O
fibrillar JJ O
deposits NNS O
and CC O
moderate JJ O
lymphocytic JJ O
interstitial JJ O
infiltrate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Other JJ O
possible JJ O
causes NNS O
of IN O
rapidly RB O
progressive JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
and CC O
ruled VBN O
out RP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
report NN O
documents VBZ O
the DT O
unusual JJ O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
rapidly RB O
progressive JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
with IN O
crescents NNS O
and CC O
fibrillar NN O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
rifampin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
confusion NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
infusion NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
and CC O
folinic JJ O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
61 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
combination NN O
chemotherapy NN O
incorporating VBG O
cisplatinum NN O
, , O
etoposide NN O
, , O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
( , O
2 CD O
, , O
250 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 NN O
/ SYM O
24 CD O
hours NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
folinic JJ O
acid NN O
for IN O
an DT O
inoperable JJ O
gastric JJ B-Disease
adenocarcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
developed VBD O
acute JJ O
neurologic JJ O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
mental JJ O
confusion NN B-Disease
, , O
disorientation NN B-Disease
and CC O
irritability NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
then RB O
lapsed VBD O
into IN O
a DT O
deep JJ O
coma NN B-Disease
, , O
lasting VBG O
for IN O
approximately RB O
40 CD O
hours NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
dose NN O
( HYPH O
day NN O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
and CC O
folinic JJ O
acid NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
complication NN O
reappeared VBD O
on IN O
day NN O
25 CD O
during IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
and CC O
folinic JJ O
acid NN O
, , O
which WDT O
were VBD O
then RB O
the DT O
only JJ O
drugs NNS O
given VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
folinic JJ O
acid NN O
was VBD O
unlikely JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
this DT O
condition NN O
, , O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
was VBD O
highly RB O
suspected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
due IN O
to IN O
a DT O
Krebs NNP O
cycle NN O
blockade NN O
by IN O
fluoroacetate NN O
and CC O
fluorocitrate NN O
, , O
thiamine NN O
deficiency NN O
, , O
or CC O
dihydrouracil NN O
dehydrogenase NN O
deficiency NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
/ SYM O
folinic JJ O
acid NN O
infusion NN O
therapy NN O
has VBZ O
recently RB O
become VBN O
a DT O
popular JJ O
regimen NN O
for IN O
various JJ O
cancers NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
necessary JJ O
that IN O
both DT O
oncologists NNS O
and CC O
neurologists NNS O
be VB O
fully RB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
unusual JJ O
complication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
switching VBG O
carbamazepine NN O
to IN O
oxcarbazepine NN O
on IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
neuroleptics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carbamazepine NNP O
was VBD O
switched VBN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
keto NN O
analogue NN O
oxcarbazepine NN O
among IN O
six CD O
difficult JJ O
- HYPH O
to TO O
- HYPH O
treat VB O
schizophrenic JJ B-Disease
or CC O
organic JJ B-Disease
psychotic JJ I-Disease
patients NNS O
using VBG O
concomitantly RB O
haloperidol NN O
, , O
chlorpromazine NN O
or CC O
clozapine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
change NN O
resulted VBD O
within IN O
2 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
50 CD O
- SYM O
200 CD O
% NN O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
neuroleptics NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
appearance NN O
of IN O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
any DT O
clinical JJ O
deteriotation NN O
during IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
3 CD O
- SYM O
6 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
case NN O
report NN O
support VBP O
the DT O
idea NN O
that IN O
in IN O
contrast NN O
with IN O
carbamazepine NN O
oxcarbazepine NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
induce VB O
the DT O
hepatic JJ O
microsomal NN O
enzyme NN O
systems NNS O
regulating VBG O
the DT O
inactivation NN O
of IN O
antipsychotic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Time NN O
course NN O
of IN O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
in IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reactive JJ O
oxygen NN O
species NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
( , O
PAN NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
, , O
with IN O
antioxidants NNS O
significantly RB O
reducing VBG O
the DT O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
temporal JJ O
relationship NN O
between IN O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
and CC O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
was VBD O
examined VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
IV NN O
injection NN O
of IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
, , O
( , O
PAN NNP O
, , O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
24 CD O
hour NN O
urine NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
obtained VBN O
prior RB O
to IN O
sacrifice NN O
on IN O
days NNS O
3 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
, , O
10 CD O
, , O
17 CD O
, , O
27 CD O
, , O
41 CD O
( , O
N CD O
= SYM O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
per IN O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
kidneys NNS O
were VBD O
removed VBN O
, , O
flushed VBN O
with IN O
ice NN O
cold JJ O
TRIS NNP O
buffer NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Kidney NN O
cortices NNS O
from IN O
each DT O
animal NN O
were VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
prepare VB O
homogenates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tissue NN O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
whole JJ O
homogenates NNS O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
in IN O
lipid JJ O
extracts NNS O
from IN O
homogenates NNS O
as IN O
thiobarbituric JJ O
acid NN O
reactive JJ O
substances NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinuria NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
evident JJ O
at IN O
day NN O
5 CD O
, , O
peaked VBD O
at IN O
day NN O
7 CD O
and CC O
persisted VBD O
to IN O
day NN O
27 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
in IN O
homogenates NNS O
was VBD O
maximal JJ O
at IN O
day NN O
3 CD O
and CC O
declined VBD O
rapidly RB O
to TO O
control VB O
levels NNS O
by IN O
day NN O
17 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
supports VBZ O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
in IN O
mediating VBG O
the DT O
proteinuric JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
PAN NNP O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Composition NN O
of IN O
gall NN B-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
stones NNS I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
octreotide NN O
: : O
response NN O
to IN O
oral JJ O
ursodeoxycholic JJ O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Octreotide NNP O
, , O
an DT O
effective JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
acromegaly NN B-Disease
, , O
induces VBZ O
gall NN B-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
stones NNS I-Disease
in IN O
13 CD O
- SYM O
60 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
knowledge NN O
of IN O
stone NN O
composition NN O
is VBZ O
essential JJ O
for IN O
studies NNS O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
pathogenesis NN O
, , O
treatment NN O
, , O
and CC O
prevention NN O
, , O
this DT O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
by IN O
direct JJ O
and CC O
indirect JJ O
methods NNS O
in IN O
14 CD O
octreotide NN O
treated VBN O
acromegalic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
gall NN B-Disease
stones NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chemical JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
gall NN B-Disease
stones NNS I-Disease
retrieved VBN O
at IN O
cholecystectomy NN O
from IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
showed VBD O
that IN O
they PRP O
contained VBD O
71 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
87 CD O
% NN O
cholesterol NN O
by IN O
weight NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
12 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
localised VBN O
computed VBN O
tomography NN O
of IN O
the DT O
gall NN O
bladder NN O
showed VBD O
that IN O
eight CD O
had VBD O
stones NNS O
with IN O
maximum JJ O
attenuation NN O
scores NNS O
of IN O
< $ O
100 CD O
Hounsfield NNP O
units NNS O
( , O
values NNS O
of IN O
< $ O
100 CD O
HU NNP O
predict VB O
cholesterol NN O
rich JJ O
, , O
dissolvable JJ O
stones NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gall NN O
bladder NN O
bile NN O
was VBD O
obtained VBN O
by IN O
ultrasound NN O
guided VBN O
, , O
fine JJ O
needle NN O
puncture NN O
from IN O
six CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
six CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
supersaturated VBN O
bile NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
( -LRB- O
SEM NN O
) -RRB- O
cholesterol NN O
saturation NN O
index NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
. . O
19 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
08 CD O
) -RRB- O
( , O
range NN O
1 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
53 CD O
) -RRB- O
) , O
and CC O
all DT O
had VBD O
abnormally RB O
rapid JJ O
cholesterol NN O
microcrystal NN O
nucleation NN O
times NNS O
( , O
< $ O
4 CD O
days NNS O
( -LRB- O
range NN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
, , O
whilst IN O
in IN O
four CD O
, , O
the DT O
bile NN O
contained VBD O
cholesterol NN O
microcrystals NNS O
immediately RB O
after IN O
sampling NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
12 CD O
patients NNS O
considered VBN O
for IN O
oral JJ O
ursodeoxycholic JJ O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
UDCA NNP O
) -RRB- O
treatment NN O
, , O
two CD O
had VBD O
a DT O
blocked VBN O
cystic JJ O
duct NN O
and CC O
were VBD O
not RB O
started VBN O
on IN O
UDCA NNP O
while IN O
one NN O
was VBD O
lost VBN O
to TO O
follow VB O
up RP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
one CD O
year NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
five CD O
of IN O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
nine CD O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
either CC O
partial JJ O
( HYPH O
n NN O
= SYM O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
complete JJ O
( HYPH O
n NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
) SYM O
gall NN B-Disease
stone NN I-Disease
dissolution NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
their PRP$ O
stones NNS O
were VBD O
cholesterol NN O
rich JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
corresponds VBZ O
, , O
by IN O
actuarial JJ O
( , O
life NN O
table NN O
) , O
analysis NN O
, , O
to IN O
a DT O
combined VBN O
gall NN B-Disease
stone NN I-Disease
dissolution NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
58 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
( SYM O
15 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
octreotide NN O
induced VBN O
gall NN B-Disease
stones NNS I-Disease
are VBP O
generally RB O
small JJ O
, , O
multiple JJ O
, , O
and CC O
cholesterol NN O
rich JJ O
although IN O
, , O
in IN O
common JJ O
with IN O
spontaneous JJ O
gall NN B-Disease
stone NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
at IN O
presentation NN O
some DT O
patients NNS O
will MD O
have VB O
a DT O
blocked VBN O
cystic JJ O
duct NN O
and CC O
some DT O
gall NN B-Disease
stones NNS I-Disease
containing VBG O
calcium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Erythema NNP B-Disease
multiforme NN I-Disease
and CC O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
myocarditis NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
ampicillin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
erythema NN B-Disease
multiforme NN I-Disease
and CC O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
myocarditis NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
ampicillin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
SUMMARY NN O
: : O
A DT O
13 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
boy NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
ampicillin NN O
and CC O
gentamicin NN O
because IN O
of IN O
suspected VBN O
septicemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Medications NNS O
were VBD O
discontinued VBN O
when WRB O
erythema NN B-Disease
multiforme NN I-Disease
and CC O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
myocarditis NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
and CC O
gradually RB O
improved VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Macrophage NN O
- HYPH O
migration NN O
inhibition NN O
( -LRB- O
MIF NNP O
) -RRB- O
test NN O
with IN O
ampicillin NN O
was VBD O
positive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
After IN O
most JJS O
infections NNS B-Disease
causing VBG O
erythema NN B-Disease
multiforme NN I-Disease
and CC O
myocarditis NN B-Disease
were VBD O
ruled VBN O
out RP O
, , O
a DT O
drug NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
induced VBN I-Disease
allergic JJ I-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
was VBD O
suspected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Positive JJ O
MIF NNP O
test NN O
for IN O
ampicillin NN O
showed VBD O
sensitization NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
lymphocytes NNS O
to IN O
ampicillin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
myocarditis NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
and CC O
dangerous JJ O
manifestation NN O
of IN O
allergy NN B-Disease
to IN O
penicillins NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clomipramine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sleep NN B-Disease
disturbance NN I-Disease
does VBZ O
not RB O
impair VB O
its PRP$ O
prolactin NN O
- HYPH O
releasing VBG O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
sleep NN B-Disease
disturbance NN I-Disease
, , O
induced VBN O
by IN O
clomipramine NN O
administration NN O
, , O
on IN O
the DT O
secretory NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
prolactin NN O
( -LRB- O
PRL NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
the DT O
direct JJ O
drug NN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
groups NNS O
of IN O
supine JJ O
subjects NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
under IN O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
conditions NNS O
, , O
one CD O
during IN O
the DT O
night NN O
, , O
when WRB O
sleeping NN O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
other JJ O
at IN O
daytime NN O
, , O
when WRB O
awake JJ O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Each DT O
subject NN O
received VBD O
a DT O
single JJ O
50 CD O
mg NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
clomipramine NN O
given VBN O
orally RB O
2 CD O
hours NNS O
before IN O
blood NN O
collection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
PRL NN O
concentrations NNS O
were VBD O
analysed VBN O
at IN O
10 CD O
min NN O
intervals NNS O
and CC O
underlying JJ O
secretory NN O
rates NNS O
calculated VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
deconvolution NN O
procedure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
both DT O
experiments NNS O
the DT O
drug NN O
intake NN O
led VBD O
to IN O
significant JJ O
increases NNS O
in IN O
PRL NNP O
secretion NN O
, , O
acting VBG O
preferentially RB O
on IN O
tonic JJ O
secretion NN O
as IN O
pulse NN O
amplitude NN O
and CC O
frequency NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
significantly RB O
from IN O
corresponding VBG O
control NN O
values NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
night NN O
clomipramine NN O
ingestion NN O
altered VBD O
the DT O
complete JJ O
sleep NN O
architecture NN O
in IN O
that IN O
it PRP O
suppressed VBD O
REM NNP O
sleep NN O
and CC O
the DT O
sleep NN O
cycles NNS O
and CC O
induced VBD O
increased VBN O
wakefulness NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
the DT O
relative JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
PRL NNP O
secretion NN O
expressed VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
percentage NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mean NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
differ VB O
between IN O
the DT O
night NN O
and CC O
day NN O
time NN O
studies NNS O
( : O
46 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
19 CD O
% NN O
vs IN O
34 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
10 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
it PRP O
can MD O
be VB O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
observed VBN O
sleep NN B-Disease
disturbance NN I-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
interfere VB O
with IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
action NN O
per FW O
se FW O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
REM NNP O
sleep NN O
was VBD O
shown VBN O
not RB O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
determining VBG O
factor NN O
either CC O
for IN O
secretory NN O
pulse NN O
amplitude NN O
and CC O
frequency NN O
, , O
as IN O
, , O
for IN O
both DT O
, , O
mean JJ O
nocturnal JJ O
values NNS O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
prior JJ O
clomipramine NN O
ingestion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Survey NN O
of IN O
complications NNS O
of IN O
indocyanine NN O
green JJ O
angiography NN O
in IN O
Japan NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
We PRP O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
safety NN O
of IN O
indocyanine NN O
green NN O
for IN O
use NN O
in IN O
fundus NN O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
sent VBD O
a DT O
questionnaire NN O
concerning VBG O
complications NNS O
of IN O
indocyanine NN O
green NN O
to IN O
32 CD O
institutions NNS O
in IN O
Japan NNP O
, , O
which WDT O
were VBD O
selected VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
basis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
client NN O
list NN O
from IN O
the DT O
Topcon NNP O
Company NNP O
, , O
which WDT O
manufactures VBZ O
the DT O
indocyanine JJ O
green JJ O
fundus NN O
camera NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Ophthalmologists NNS O
at IN O
15 CD O
institutions NNS O
responded VBD O
, , O
reporting VBG O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
, , O
774 CD O
indocyanine JJ O
green JJ O
angiograms NNS O
performed VBN O
on IN O
2 CD O
, , O
820 CD O
patients NNS O
between IN O
June NNP O
1984 CD O
and CC O
September NNP O
1992 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Before IN O
angiography NN O
, , O
intradermal JJ O
or CC O
intravenous JJ O
indocyanine NN O
green JJ O
testing NN O
, , O
or CC O
both DT O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
at IN O
13 CD O
of IN O
15 CD O
institutions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
three CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
the DT O
decision NN O
was VBD O
made VBN O
not RB O
to TO O
proceed VB O
with IN O
angiography NN O
after IN O
positive JJ O
preangiographic JJ O
testing NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dosage NN O
of IN O
indocyanine NN O
green NN O
used VBN O
for IN O
angiography NN O
varied VBD O
from IN O
25 CD O
to IN O
75 CD O
mg NNS O
, , O
depending VBG O
upon IN O
the DT O
institution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
13 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
34 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
ten CD O
of IN O
which WDT O
were VBD O
mild JJ O
reactions NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
exanthema NN B-Disease
, , O
urtication NN B-Disease
, , O
itchiness NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
urgency NN O
to TO O
defecate VB O
, , O
and CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
require VB O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Also RB O
recorded VBN O
were VBD O
one CD O
case NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
vein NN O
, , O
which WDT O
required VBD O
treatment NN O
, , O
and CC O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
two CD O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
required VBD O
treatment NN O
for IN O
shock NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
comparison NN O
of IN O
frequency NN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
to IN O
indocyanine NN O
green NN O
with IN O
the DT O
previously RB O
reported VBN O
frequency NN O
of IN O
such JJ O
reactions NNS O
to IN O
fluorescein NN O
sodium NN O
indicated VBD O
that IN O
indocyanine NN O
green NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
safe JJ O
as IN O
fluorescein NN O
for IN O
use NN O
in IN O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angioedema NNP B-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
metoprolol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
72 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
was VBD O
admitted VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
hospital NN O
with IN O
"""" `` O
flash NN O
"""" '' O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
, , O
preceded VBN O
by IN O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
requiring VBG O
intubation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
medical JJ O
history NN O
included VBD O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
with IN O
previous JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarctions NNS I-Disease
, , O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
diabetes NN B-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
history NN O
of IN O
angioedema NN B-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
lisinopril NN O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
elicited VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Current JJ O
medications NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
include VB O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitors NNS O
or CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blockers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
had VBD O
no DT O
previous JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocking VBG O
drug NN O
exposure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
hospitalization NN O
( , O
while IN O
intubated VBN O
) , O
, , O
intravenous JJ O
metoprolol NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
severe JJ O
angioedema NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
angioedema NN B-Disease
resolved VBD O
after IN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
steroids NNS O
and CC O
diphenhydramine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
coniine NN O
on IN O
the DT O
developing VBG O
chick NN O
embryo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coniine NNP O
, , O
an DT O
alkaloid NN O
from IN O
Conium NNP O
maculatum NN O
( , O
poison NN O
hemlock NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
teratogenic JJ O
in IN O
livestock NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
major JJ O
teratogenic JJ O
outcome NN O
is VBZ O
arthrogryposis NN B-Disease
, , O
presumably RB O
due IN O
to IN O
nicotinic JJ O
receptor NN O
blockade NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
coniine NN O
has VBZ O
failed VBN O
to TO O
produce VB O
arthrogryposis NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
or CC O
mice NNS O
and CC O
is VBZ O
only RB O
weakly RB O
teratogenic JJ O
in IN O
rabbits NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
and CC O
compare VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
coniine NN O
and CC O
nicotine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
developing VBG O
chick NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Concentrations NNS O
of IN O
coniine NN O
and CC O
nicotine NN O
sulfate NN O
were VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
015 CD O
% NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
% NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
075 CD O
% NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
15 CD O
% NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
% NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
, , O
3 CD O
% NN O
, , O
and CC O
6 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
% NN O
, , O
5 CD O
% NN O
, , O
and CC O
10 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
compounds NNS O
caused VBD O
deformations NNS B-Disease
and CC O
lethality NN O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
sulfate NN O
caused VBD O
some DT O
lethality NN O
but CC O
a DT O
no DT O
effect NN O
level NN O
for IN O
coniine NN O
lethality NN O
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
deformations NNS B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
both CC O
coniine NN O
and CC O
nicotine NN O
sulfate NN O
were VBD O
excessive JJ B-Disease
flexion NN I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
extension NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
one CD I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
more JJR I-Disease
toes NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
histopathological JJ O
alterations NNS O
or CC O
differences NNS O
in IN O
bone NN O
formation NN O
were VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
limbs NNS O
or CC O
toes NNS O
of IN O
any DT O
chicks NNS O
from IN O
any DT O
group NN O
; , O
however RB O
, , O
extensive JJ O
cranial JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
all DT O
nicotine NN O
sulfate NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
chicks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) NFP O
decrease NN O
in IN O
movement NN O
in IN O
coniine NN O
and CC O
nicotine NN O
sulfate NN O
treated VBN O
chicks NNS O
as IN O
determined VBN O
by IN O
ultrasound NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Control NN O
chicks NNS O
were VBD O
in IN O
motion NN O
an DT O
average NN O
of IN O
33 CD O
. . O
67 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
time NN O
, , O
while IN O
coniine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
chicks NNS O
were VBD O
only RB O
moving VBG O
8 CD O
. . O
95 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
a DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
min NN O
interval NN O
, , O
and CC O
no DT O
movement NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
for IN O
nicotine NN O
sulfate NN O
treated VBN O
chicks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
summary NN O
, , O
the DT O
chick NN O
embryo NN O
provides VBZ O
a DT O
reliable JJ O
and CC O
simple JJ O
experimental JJ O
animal NN O
model NN O
of IN O
coniine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
arthrogryposis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
from IN O
this DT O
model NN O
support VBP O
a DT O
mechanism NN O
involving VBG O
nicotinic JJ O
receptor NN O
blockade NN O
with IN O
subsequent JJ O
decreased VBN O
fetal JJ O
movement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immediate JJ O
allergic JJ B-Disease
reactions NNS I-Disease
to IN O
amoxicillin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
large JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
suspected VBN O
allergic JJ B-Disease
reactions NNS I-Disease
to IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
lactam NN O
antibiotics NNS O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
detailed JJ O
clinical JJ O
history NN O
, , O
together RB O
with IN O
skin NN O
tests NNS O
, , O
RAST NNP O
( , O
radioallergosorbent NN O
test NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
controlled VBN O
challenge NN O
tests NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
establish VB O
whether IN O
patients NNS O
allergic JJ B-Disease
to IN O
beta JJ O
- HYPH O
lactam NN O
antibiotics NNS O
had VBD O
selective JJ O
immediate JJ O
allergic JJ B-Disease
responses NNS O
to IN O
amoxicillin NN O
( , O
AX NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
were VBD O
cross NN O
- HYPH O
reacting VBG O
with IN O
other JJ O
penicillin NN O
derivatives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Skin NN O
tests NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
with IN O
benzylpenicilloyl NN O
- HYPH O
poly NN O
- HYPH O
L NN O
- HYPH O
lysine NN O
( , O
BPO NNP O
- HYPH O
PLL NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
benzylpenicilloate NN O
, , O
benzylpenicillin NN O
( , O
PG NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
ampicillin NN O
( , O
AMP NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
AX NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RAST NNP O
for IN O
BPO NNP O
- HYPH O
PLL NNP O
and CC O
AX NNP O
- HYPH O
PLL NNP O
was VBD O
done VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
both DT O
skin NN O
test NN O
and CC O
RAST NN O
for IN O
BPO NN O
were VBD O
negative JJ O
, , O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
challenge NN O
tests NNS O
were VBD O
done VBN O
to TO O
ensure VB O
tolerance NN O
of IN O
PG NN O
or CC O
sensitivity NN O
to IN O
AX NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
177 CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
as IN O
allergic JJ B-Disease
to IN O
beta JJ O
- HYPH O
lactam NN O
antibiotics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
selected VBD O
the DT O
54 CD O
( SYM O
30 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
cases NNS O
of IN O
immediate JJ O
AX NN O
allergy NN B-Disease
with IN O
good JJ O
tolerance NN O
of IN O
PG NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anaphylaxis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
37 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
69 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
, , O
the DT O
other JJ O
17 CD O
( SYM O
31 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
having VBG O
urticaria NN B-Disease
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
angioedema NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
All PDT O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
skin NN O
test NN O
negative JJ O
to IN O
BPO NNP O
; : O
49 CD O
of IN O
51 CD O
( SYM O
96 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
also RB O
negative JJ O
to IN O
MDM NNP B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
44 CD O
of IN O
46 CD O
( SYM O
96 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
PG NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Skin NN O
tests NNS O
with IN O
AX NNP O
were VBD O
positive JJ O
in IN O
34 CD O
( SYM O
63 CD O
% NN O
) SYM O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RAST NNP O
was VBD O
positive JJ O
for IN O
AX NNP O
in IN O
22 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
41 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
to IN O
BPO NNP O
in IN O
just RB O
5 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sera NN O
with IN O
negative JJ O
RAST NNP O
for IN O
AX NNP O
were VBD O
positive JJ O
to IN O
BPO NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Challenge NN O
tests NNS O
with IN O
AX NNP O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
in IN O
23 CD O
subjects NNS O
( : O
43 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
to TO O
establish VB O
the DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
immediate JJ O
allergic JJ B-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
to IN O
AX NNP O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
15 CD O
cases NNS O
( : O
28 CD O
% NN O
) , O
both DT O
skin NN O
test NN O
and CC O
RAST NNP O
for IN O
AX NNP O
were VBD O
negative JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PG NNP O
was VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
by IN O
all DT O
54 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
the DT O
largest JJS O
group NN O
of IN O
AX NNP O
- HYPH O
allergic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
tolerated VBN O
PG NNP O
reported VBN O
so RB O
far RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diagnosis NN O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
can MD O
be VB O
achieved VBN O
only RB O
if IN O
specific JJ O
AX NNP O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
reagents NNS O
are VBP O
employed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
studies NNS O
are VBP O
necessary JJ O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
exact JJ O
extent NN O
of IN O
this DT O
problem NN O
and CC O
to TO O
improve VB O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
diagnostic JJ O
methods NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reversal NN O
by IN O
phenylephrine NN O
of IN O
the DT O
beneficial JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
nitroglycerin NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
myocardial JJ I-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nitroglycerin NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
reduce VB O
ST NN O
- HYPH O
segment NN O
elevation NN O
during IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
myocardial JJ I-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
, , O
an DT O
effect NN O
potentiated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
dog NN O
by IN O
agents NNS O
that WDT O
reverse VBP O
nitroglycerin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
combined VBN O
nitroglycerin NN O
and CC O
phenylephrine NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ O
transmural JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarctions NNS I-Disease
received VBD O
intravenous JJ O
nitroglycerin NN O
, , O
sufficient JJ O
to TO O
reduce VB O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
from IN O
107 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
6 CD O
to TO O
85 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
6 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NNP O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
for IN O
60 CD O
minutes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Left VBN O
ventricular JJ O
filling NN O
pressure NN O
decreased VBD O
from IN O
19 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
to IN O
11 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SigmaST NNP O
, , O
the DT O
sum NN O
of IN O
ST NNP O
- HYPH O
segment NN O
elevations NNS O
in IN O
16 CD O
precordial JJ O
leads NNS O
, , O
decreased VBD O
( : O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
nitroglycerin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subsequent JJ O
addition NN O
of IN O
phenylephrine NN O
infusion NN O
, , O
sufficient JJ O
to TO O
re VB O
- HYPH O
elevate VB O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
to IN O
106 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
4 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
30 CD O
minutes NNS O
, , O
increased VBN O
left VBN O
ventricular JJ O
filling NN O
pressure NN O
to IN O
17 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
also RB O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
sigmaST NN O
( : O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
addition NN O
of IN O
phenylephrine NN O
to IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
beneficial JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
myocardial JJ I-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acetazolamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrolithiasis NN B-Disease
: : O
implications NNS O
for IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
neuromuscular JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carbonic JJ O
anhydrase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
can MD O
cause VB O
nephrolithiasis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
studied VBD O
20 CD O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
carbonic JJ O
anhydrase NN O
inhibitor NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
periodic JJ O
paralysis NN B-Disease
and CC O
myotonia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
patients NNS O
on IN O
acetazolamide NN O
( : O
15 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
calculi NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Extracorporeal JJ O
lithotripsy NN O
successfully RB O
removed VBD O
a DT O
renal JJ B-Disease
calculus NN I-Disease
in IN O
one CD O
patient NN O
and CC O
surgery NN O
removed VBD O
a DT O
staghorn NN O
calculus NN B-Disease
in IN O
another DT O
, , O
permitting VBG O
continued VBN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
function NN O
remained VBD O
normal JJ O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrolithiasis NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
complication NN O
of IN O
acetazolamide NN O
but CC O
does VBZ O
not RB O
preclude VB O
its PRP$ O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
on IN O
bupivacaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
on IN O
bupivacaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
each DT O
of IN O
the DT O
three CD O
tested VBN O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
( -LRB- O
diltiazem NN O
, , O
verapamil NN O
and CC O
bepridil NN O
) SYM O
6 CD O
groups NNS O
of IN O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
by IN O
two CD O
different JJ O
doses NNS O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
e ADD O
. . O
2 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
, , O
or CC O
an DT O
equal JJ O
volume NN O
of IN O
saline NN O
for IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
20 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
15 CD O
minutes NNS O
later RB O
, , O
all PDT O
the DT O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
injected VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
dose NN O
of IN O
bupivacaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
convulsant JJ O
activity NN O
, , O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
latency NN O
to TO O
convulse VB O
and CC O
the DT O
mortality NN O
rate NN O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
each DT O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
local JJ O
anesthetic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
mortality NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
three CD O
different JJ O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
convulsant JJ O
activity NN O
of IN O
bupivacaine NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
modified VBN O
but CC O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
latency NN O
to TO O
obtain VB O
bupivacaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
; : O
this DT O
effect NN O
was VBD O
less RBR O
pronounced JJ O
with IN O
bepridil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epidural JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
during IN O
prostaglandin NN O
E1 NN O
or CC O
trimethaphan NN O
induced VBD O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
prostaglandin NN O
E1 NNP O
( , O
PGE1 NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
trimethaphan NN O
( , O
TMP NN O
) -RRB- O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
on IN O
epidural JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
( , O
EBF NNP O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
spinal JJ O
surgery NN O
, , O
EBF NNP O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
using VBG O
the DT O
heat NN O
clearance NN O
method NN O
in IN O
30 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
postero NN O
- HYPH O
lateral JJ O
interbody NN O
fusion NN O
under IN O
isoflurane JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
initial JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
microgram NN O
. . O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
of IN O
PGE1 NNP O
( : O
15 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
. . O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
of IN O
TMP NNP O
( SYM O
15 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
intravenously RB O
after IN O
the DT O
dural JJ O
opening NN O
and CC O
the DT O
dose NN O
was VBD O
adjusted VBN O
to TO O
maintain VB O
the DT O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
MAP NNP O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
about RB O
60 CD O
mmHg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
drug NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
completion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
operative NN O
procedure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
starting VBG O
PGE1 NNP O
or CC O
TMP NNP O
, , O
MAP NNP O
and CC O
rate NN O
pressure NN O
product NN O
( -LRB- O
RPP NNP O
) -RRB- O
decreased VBD O
significantly RB O
compared VBN O
with IN O
preinfusion NN O
values NNS O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
PGE1 NNP O
remained VBD O
constant JJ O
until IN O
60 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
its PRP$ O
discontinuation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heart NN O
rate NN O
( -LRB- O
HR NN O
) -RRB- O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
in IN O
either DT O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
EBFF NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
during IN O
PGE1 NNP O
infusion NN O
whereas IN O
in IN O
the DT O
TMP NNP O
group NN O
, , O
EBF NNP O
decreased VBD O
significantly RB O
at IN O
30 CD O
and CC O
60 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
the DT O
start NN O
of IN O
TMP NNP O
( : O
preinfusion NN O
: : O
45 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
13 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
ml NN O
/ SYM O
100g CD O
/ SYM O
min NN O
. . O
30 CD O
min NN O
: : O
32 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
ml CD O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
( : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) NFP O
. . O
60 CD O
min NN O
: : O
30 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
ml CD O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) NFP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
PGE1 NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
preferable JJ O
to IN O
TMP NNP O
for IN O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
anaesthesia NN O
in IN O
spinal JJ O
surgery NN O
because IN O
TMP NNP O
decreased VBD O
EBF NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dup NNP O
753 CD O
prevents VBZ O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
appearance NN O
of IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndromes NNS I-Disease
such JJ O
as IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
, , O
hypoalbuminemia NN B-Disease
, , O
hypercholesterolemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
increase NN O
in IN O
blood NN O
nitrogen NN O
urea NN O
, , O
induced VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
by IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
was VBD O
markedly RB O
inhibited VBN O
by IN O
oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
Dup NNP O
753 CD O
( HYPH O
losartan NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
novel JJ O
angiotensin NN O
II NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
or CC O
2 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
a DT O
possible JJ O
involvement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renin NN O
- HYPH O
angiotensin NN O
system NN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroplasticity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
adult NN O
primate JJ O
auditory JJ O
cortex NN O
following VBG O
cochlear JJ O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tonotopic JJ O
organization NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
essential JJ O
feature NN O
of IN O
the DT O
primary JJ O
auditory JJ O
area NN O
( : O
A1 NNP O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
primate JJ O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
A1 NNP O
of IN O
macaque JJ O
monkeys NNS O
, , O
low JJ O
frequencies NNS O
are VBP O
represented VBN O
rostrolaterally RB O
and CC O
high JJ O
frequencies NNS O
are VBP O
represented VBN O
caudomedially RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
if IN O
changes NNS O
occur VBP O
in IN O
this DT O
tonotopic JJ O
organization NN O
following VBG O
cochlear JJ O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Under IN O
anesthesia NN O
, , O
the DT O
superior JJ O
temporal JJ O
gyrus NN O
of IN O
adult NN O
macaque NN O
monkeys NNS O
was VBD O
exposed VBN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
tonotopic JJ O
organization NN O
of IN O
A1 NNP O
was VBD O
mapped VBN O
using VBG O
conventional JJ O
microelectrode NN O
recording NN O
techniques NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
recovery NN O
, , O
the DT O
monkeys NNS O
were VBD O
selectively RB O
deafened VBN O
for IN O
high JJ O
frequencies NNS O
using VBG O
kanamycin NN O
and CC O
furosemide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
actual JJ O
frequencies NNS O
deafened VBN O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
loss NN O
of IN O
tone NN O
- HYPH O
burst NN O
elicited VBN O
auditory JJ O
brainstem NN O
responses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
deafening VBG O
, , O
A1 NNP O
was VBD O
remapped VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postmortem NN O
cytoarchitectural JJ O
features NNS O
identifying VBG O
A1 NNP O
were VBD O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
electrophysiologic JJ O
data NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
deprived JJ O
area NN O
of IN O
A1 NNP O
undergoes VBZ O
extensive JJ O
reorganization NN O
and CC O
becomes VBZ O
responsive JJ O
to IN O
intact JJ O
cochlear NN O
frequencies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
region NN O
of IN O
cortex NN O
that WDT O
represents VBZ O
the DT O
low JJ O
frequencies NNS O
was VBD O
not RB O
obviously RB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
cochlear JJ O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sodium NN O
bicarbonate NN O
alleviates VBZ O
penile JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
intracavernous JJ O
injections NNS O
for IN O
erectile JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
an DT O
attempt NN O
to TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
penile NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
intracorporeal JJ O
injections NNS O
could MD O
be VB O
due IN O
to IN O
the DT O
acidity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
medication NN O
, , O
we PRP O
performed VBD O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
study NN O
comparing VBG O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
penile JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
following VBG O
intracorporeal JJ O
injections NNS O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
the DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
sodium NN O
bicarbonate NN O
to IN O
the DT O
intracorporeal JJ O
medications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
38 CD O
consecutive JJ O
patients NNS O
who WP O
presented VBD O
to IN O
our PRP$ O
clinic NN O
with IN O
impotence NN B-Disease
received VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
ml CD O
. . O
of IN O
a DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
drugs NNS O
: : O
6 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
papaverine NN O
, , O
100 CD O
micrograms NNS O
. . O
phentolamine NN O
and CC O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
. , O
prostaglandin NN O
E1 NN O
with IN O
( HYPH O
pH NN O
7 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
without IN O
( HYPH O
pH NN O
4 CD O
. . O
17 CD O
) -RRB- O
the DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
sodium NN O
bicarbonate NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
mEq NNS O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
19 CD O
patients NNS O
without IN O
sodium NN O
bicarbonate NN O
added VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
medication NN O
11 CD O
( SYM O
58 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
complained VBD O
of IN O
penile JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
the DT O
medication NN O
, , O
while IN O
only RB O
1 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
19 CD O
men NNS O
( , O
5 CD O
% NN O
) , O
who WP O
received VBD O
sodium NN O
bicarbonate NN O
complained VBD O
of IN O
penile JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
these DT O
data NNS O
we PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
penile JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
following VBG O
intracorporeal JJ O
injections NNS O
is VBZ O
most RBS O
likely JJ O
due IN O
to IN O
the DT O
acidity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
medication NN O
, , O
which WDT O
can MD O
be VB O
overcome VBN O
by IN O
elevating VBG O
the DT O
pH NN O
to IN O
a DT O
neutral JJ O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
use NN O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
didanosine NN O
( -LRB- O
ddI NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
HIV NNP B-Disease
antibody NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
positive JJ I-Disease
individuals NNS O
intolerant JJ O
to IN O
zidovudine NNP O
( -LRB- O
AZT NNP O
) -RRB- O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
hundred CD O
and CC O
fifty CD O
- HYPH O
one CD O
patients NNS O
intolerant JJ O
to IN O
zidovudine NN O
( , O
AZT NNP O
) -RRB- O
received VBD O
didanosine NN O
( HYPH O
ddI NN O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
a DT O
maximum JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
12 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patient NN O
response NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
using VBG O
changes NNS O
in IN O
CD4 NNP O
+ CC O
lymphocyte NN O
subset NN O
count NN O
, , O
HIV NNP O
p24 NN O
antigen NN O
, , O
weight NN O
, , O
and CC O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seventy CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
major JJ O
opportunistic JJ B-Disease
infections NNS I-Disease
whilst IN O
on IN O
therapy NN O
; : O
this DT O
was VBD O
the DT O
first JJ O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
diagnosis NN O
in IN O
17 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Only JJ O
minor JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
CD4 NNP O
+ CC O
lymphocyte NN O
subset NN O
count NN O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
although IN O
a DT O
more RBR O
significant JJ O
rise NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
those DT O
with IN O
earlier JJR O
stages NNS O
of IN O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
those DT O
positive JJ O
for IN O
p24 NN O
antigen NN O
at IN O
the DT O
commencement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
67 CD O
% NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
positive JJ O
response NN O
, , O
and CC O
this DT O
was VBD O
most RBS O
likely JJ O
in IN O
those DT O
with IN O
CD4 NNP O
+ CC O
lymphocyte NN O
subset NN O
counts NNS O
above IN O
100 CD O
mm3 NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
positive JJ O
weight NN O
response NN O
was VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
16 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Most JJS O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
improvement NN O
in IN O
individual JJ O
parameters NNS O
and CC O
global JJ O
score NN O
of IN O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
possibly RB O
attributable JJ O
to IN O
didanosine NN O
were VBD O
common JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
was VBD O
diarrhoea NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
19 CD O
individuals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
12 CD O
patients NNS O
and CC O
pancreatitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
six CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirteen CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
a DT O
raised VBN O
serum NN O
amylase NN O
without IN O
abdominal JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seven CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
glucose NN B-Disease
tolerance NN I-Disease
curves NNS I-Disease
characteristic JJ O
of IN O
diabetes NNS B-Disease
but CC O
these DT O
were VBD O
mild JJ O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
require VB O
treatment NN O
and CC O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
on IN O
ceasing VBG O
didanosine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunohistochemical JJ O
studies NNS O
with IN O
antibodies NNS O
to IN O
neurofilament NN O
proteins NNS O
on IN O
axonal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
experimental JJ O
focal JJ O
lesions NNS O
in IN O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunohistochemistry NN O
with IN O
monoclonal JJ O
antibodies NNS O
against IN O
neurofilament NN O
( , O
NF NNP O
) -RRB- O
proteins NNS O
of IN O
middle JJ O
and CC O
high JJ O
molecular JJ O
weight NN O
class NN O
, , O
NF NNP O
- HYPH O
M NNP O
and CC O
NF NNP O
- HYPH O
H NNP O
, , O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
study VB O
axonal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
borderzone NN O
of IN O
focal JJ O
lesions NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Focal JJ O
injury NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
cortex NN I-Disease
was VBD O
produced VBN O
by IN O
infusion NN O
of IN O
lactate NN O
at IN O
acid NN O
pH NN O
or CC O
by IN O
stab NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
needle NN O
insertion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Infarcts NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
substantia JJ I-Disease
nigra NN I-Disease
pars NNS I-Disease
reticulata NN I-Disease
were VBD O
evoked VBN O
by IN O
prolonged VBN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunohistochemical JJ O
staining NN O
for IN O
NFs NNP O
showed VBD O
characteristic JJ O
terminal JJ O
clubs NNS O
of IN O
axons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
borderzone NN O
of IN O
lesions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Differences NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
labelling NN O
pattern NN O
occurred VBD O
with IN O
different JJ O
antibodies NNS O
which WDT O
apparently RB O
depended VBD O
on IN O
molecular JJ O
weight NN O
class NN O
of IN O
NFs NNS O
and CC O
phosphorylation NN O
state NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
immunohistochemical JJ O
changes NNS O
of IN O
NFs NNP O
can MD O
serve VB O
as IN O
a DT O
marker NN O
for IN O
axonal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
various JJ O
experimental JJ O
traumatic JJ B-Disease
or CC O
ischemic JJ O
lesions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pharmacokinetic JJ O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
cimetidine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
mental JJ O
confusion NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
15 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
mental JJ O
confusion NN B-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
order NN O
that IN O
this DT O
syndrome NN O
might MD O
be VB O
investigated VBN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
mental JJ O
status NN O
( , O
M NNP O
. . O
S NNP O
. . O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
serum JJ O
concentrations NNS O
and CC O
renal JJ O
and CC O
hepatic JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
36 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
30 CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
no DT O
M NN O
. . O
S NN O
. . O
change NN O
on IN O
cimetidine NN O
and CC O
6 CD O
had VBD O
moderate JJ O
to IN O
severe JJ O
changes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
6 CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
both CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
cimetidine NN O
trough NN O
- HYPH O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
1 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
microgram NN O
/ SYM O
ml NNS O
( -LRB- O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
M NNP O
. . O
S NNP O
. . O
changes NNS O
increased VBD O
as IN O
trough NN O
- HYPH O
concentrations NNS O
rose VBD O
, , O
5 CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
lumbar JJ O
puncture NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cerebrospinal JJ O
fluid NN O
: : O
serum NN O
ratio NN O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
concentrations NNS O
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
24 CD O
: SYM O
1 CD O
and CC O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
cimetidine NN O
passes VBZ O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
; , O
it PRP O
also RB O
raises VBZ O
the DT O
possibility NN O
that IN O
M NNP O
. . O
S NNP O
. . O
changes NNS O
are VBP O
due IN O
to IN O
blockade NN O
of IN O
histamine NN O
H2 NN O
- HYPH O
receptors NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
likely JJ O
to TO O
have VB O
both DT O
raised VBN O
trough NN O
- HYPH O
concentrations NNS O
and CC O
mental JJ O
confusion NN B-Disease
are VBP O
those DT O
with IN O
both CC O
severe JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
should MD O
be VB O
closely RB O
observed VBN O
and CC O
should MD O
be VB O
given VBN O
reduced VBN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prospective JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
somatostatin NN O
analog NN O
( , O
octreotide NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
gallbladder NN O
function NN O
and CC O
gallstone NN B-Disease
formation NN O
in IN O
Chinese JJ O
acromegalic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
article NN O
reports VBZ O
the DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
gallbladder NN O
function NN O
examined VBN O
by IN O
ultrasonography NN O
in IN O
20 CD O
Chinese JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
active JJ O
acromegaly RB B-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
sc JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
the DT O
somatostatin NN O
analog NN O
octreotide NN O
in IN O
dosages NNS O
of IN O
300 CD O
- SYM O
1500 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
a DT O
mean NN O
of IN O
24 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
13 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
octreotide NN O
, , O
17 CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
sludge NN O
, , O
10 CD O
had VBD O
gallstones NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
1 CD O
developed VBD O
acute JJ B-Disease
cholecystitis NN I-Disease
requiring VBG O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
all DT O
of IN O
7 CD O
patients NNS O
examined VBN O
acutely RB O
, , O
gallbladder NN O
contractility NN O
was VBD O
inhibited VBN O
after IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
100 CD O
- HYPH O
micrograms NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
8 CD O
patients NNS O
followed VBN O
for IN O
24 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
gallbladder NN O
contractility NN O
remained VBD O
depressed JJ B-Disease
throughout IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
octreotide NN O
in IN O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
without IN O
gallstones NNS B-Disease
, , O
8 CD O
patients NNS O
assessed VBN O
had VBD O
return NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
gallbladder NN O
contractility NN O
within IN O
1 CD O
month NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
8 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
gallstones NNS B-Disease
during IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
gallbladder NN O
contractility NN O
normalized VBN O
in IN O
5 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
3 CD O
of IN O
whom WP O
has VBZ O
disappearance NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
stones NNS O
within IN O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
) , O
, , O
and CC O
remained VBD O
depressed VBN B-Disease
in IN O
3 CD O
( SYM O
2 CD O
of IN O
whom WP O
had VBD O
stones NNS O
present JJ O
at IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
suppression NN O
of IN O
gallbladder NN O
contractility NN O
is VBZ O
the DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
the DT O
successive JJ O
formation NN O
of IN O
bile NN O
sludge NN O
, , O
gallstones NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
cholecystitis NN B-Disease
during IN O
octreotide NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
Chinese JJ O
acromegalic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
therefore RB O
very RB O
important JJ O
to TO O
follow VB O
the DT O
changes NNS O
of IN O
gallbladder NN O
function NN O
during IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
octreotide NN O
therapy NN O
of IN O
acromegalic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increase VB O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
disability NN I-Disease
after IN O
fluoxetine NN O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Depression NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
clinical JJ O
feature NN O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
increased VBN O
amount NN O
of IN O
motor NN B-Disease
disability NN I-Disease
in IN O
four CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
idiopathic JJ B-Disease
Parkinson NNP I-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
after IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
the DT O
antidepressant JJ O
fluoxetine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
a DT O
clinically RB O
relevant JJ O
dopamine NN O
- HYPH O
antagonistic JJ O
capacity NN O
of IN O
fluoxetine NN O
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
must MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sinus NNP B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
continuous JJ O
- HYPH O
infusion NN O
cimetidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
intermittent JJ O
intravenous JJ O
infusions NNS O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
is VBZ O
infrequently RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
bradyarrhythmias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
40 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
leukemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
no DT O
history NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
recurrent JJ O
, , O
brief JJ O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
apparent JJ O
sinus JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
while IN O
receiving VBG O
continuous JJ O
- HYPH O
infusion NN O
cimetidine NN O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
hour NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
arrhythmias NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
temporally RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
cimetidine NN O
administration NN O
, , O
disappeared VBD O
after IN O
dechallenge NN O
, , O
and CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
recur VB O
during IN O
ranitidine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
reported VBN O
case NN O
of IN O
sinus NN B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
continuous JJ O
- HYPH O
infusion NN O
cimetidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phase NN O
II NN O
trial NN O
of IN O
vinorelbine NN O
in IN O
metastatic JJ O
squamous JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
esophageal JJ I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
European NNP O
Organization NNP O
for IN O
Research NNP O
and CC O
Treatment NNP O
of IN O
Cancer NNP B-Disease
Gastrointestinal NNP O
Treat NNP O
Cancer NNP B-Disease
Cooperative NNP O
Group NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
response NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
vinorelbine NN O
( -LRB- O
VNB NNP O
) -RRB- O
administered VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
agent NN O
in IN O
metastatic JJ O
squamous JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
esophageal JJ I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
eligible JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
measurable JJ O
lesions NNS O
were VBD O
included VBN O
and CC O
were VBD O
stratified VBN O
according VBG O
to IN O
previous JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
patients NNS O
without IN O
prior JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
and CC O
16 CD O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
cisplatin NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
chemotherapy NN O
were VBD O
assessable JJ O
for IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
VNB NNP O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
weekly RB O
as IN O
a DT O
25 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
short JJ O
intravenous JJ O
( HYPH O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Six CD O
of IN O
30 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
20 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
without IN O
prior JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
achieved VBD O
a DT O
partial JJ O
response NN O
( -LRB- O
PR NN O
) -RRB- O
( : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
[ -LRB- O
CI NN O
] -RRB- O
, , O
8 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
39 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
median JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
response NN O
was VBD O
21 CD O
weeks NNS O
( : O
range NN O
, , O
17 CD O
to TO O
28 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
of IN O
16 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
prior JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
complete JJ O
response NN O
( -LRB- O
CR NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
31 CD O
weeks NNS O
' POS O
duration NN O
( : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
0 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
30 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
overall JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
( -LRB- O
World NNP O
Health NNP O
Organization NNP O
[ -LRB- O
WHO NNP O
] -RRB- O
criteria NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
15 CD O
% NN O
( , O
CR NN O
, , O
2 CD O
% NN O
; : O
PR NN O
13 CD O
% NN O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
6 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
29 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
median JJ O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
intensity NN O
( -LRB- O
DI NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
20 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
wk NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
VNB NNP O
was VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
and CC O
zero CD O
instances NNS O
of IN O
WHO NNP O
grade NN O
4 CD O
nonhematologic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At RB O
least RBS O
one CD O
episode NN O
of IN O
grade NN O
3 CD O
or CC O
4 CD O
granulocytopenia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
59 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
grade NN O
2 CD O
or CC O
3 CD O
infection NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
16 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
, , O
but CC O
no DT O
toxic JJ O
deaths NNS B-Disease
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Other JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
rare JJ O
, , O
and CC O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neurotoxicity NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
minor JJ O
( : O
26 CD O
% NN O
grade NN O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
These DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
VNB NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
active JJ O
agent NN O
in IN O
metastatic JJ O
esophageal JJ B-Disease
squamous JJ I-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Given VBN O
its PRP$ O
excellent JJ O
tolerance NN O
profile NN O
and CC O
low JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
further JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
VNB NNP O
in IN O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
warranted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Evaluation NN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
of IN O
aponidine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
ophthalmic JJ O
solution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
prospectively RB O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
of IN O
apraclonidine NN O
in IN O
20 CD O
normal JJ O
volunteers NNS O
by IN O
instilling VBG O
a DT O
single JJ O
drop NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
% NN O
apraclonidine NN O
in IN O
their PRP$ O
right JJ O
eyes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Examinations NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
pulse NN O
rate NN O
, , O
conjunctiva NN O
and CC O
cornea NN O
, , O
intraocular JJ O
pressure NN O
( , O
IOP NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
pupil NN O
diameter NN O
, , O
basal JJ O
tear NN O
secretion NN O
and CC O
margin NN O
reflex NN O
distance NN O
of IN O
both CC O
upper JJ O
and CC O
lower JJ O
eyelids NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
prior RB O
to IN O
entry NN O
and CC O
at IN O
1 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
and CC O
7 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
instillation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
ocular JJ B-Disease
hypotensive JJ I-Disease
effects NNS O
were VBD O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
for IN O
apraclonidine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
eyes NNS O
throughout IN O
the DT O
study NN O
and CC O
also RB O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
for IN O
contralateral JJ O
eyes NNS O
from IN O
three CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
topical JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
% NN O
apraclonidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Decreases NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
systolic JJ I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
were VBD O
statistically RB O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
clinically RB O
, , O
significant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
diastolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
pulse NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
basal JJ O
tear NN O
secretion NN O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conjunctival JJ B-Disease
blanching NN I-Disease
and CC O
mydriasis NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
commonly RB O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Upper JJ O
lid JJ O
retraction NN O
was VBD O
frequently RB O
noted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
the DT O
elevations NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
upper JJ O
lid NN O
margin NN O
in IN O
most JJS O
subjects NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
more JJR O
than IN O
2 CD O
mm NNS O
and CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
cause VB O
noticeable JJ O
change NN O
in IN O
appearance NN O
, , O
one CD O
subject NN O
suffered VBD O
from IN O
mechanical JJ O
entropion NN B-Disease
and CC O
marked VBN O
corneal JJ B-Disease
abrasion NN I-Disease
3 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
instillation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
may MD O
well RB O
be VB O
a DT O
particularly RB O
notable JJ O
finding NN O
in IN O
Asian JJ O
people NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thiopentone NN O
pretreatment NN O
for IN O
propofol NN O
injection NN O
pain NN B-Disease
in IN O
ambulatory JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
investigated VBD O
propofol NN O
injection NN O
pain NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
ambulatory JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
trial NN O
, , O
90 CD O
women NNS O
were VBD O
allocated VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
one CD O
of IN O
three CD O
treatments NNS O
prior RB O
to IN O
induction NN O
of IN O
anaesthesia NN O
with IN O
propofol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
in IN O
Group NNP O
C NNP O
received VBD O
2 CD O
ml CD O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
, , O
Group NNP O
L NNP O
, , O
2 CD O
ml NN O
, , O
lidocaine NN O
2 CD O
% NN O
( , O
40 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
Group NNP O
T NNP O
, , O
2 CD O
ml NN O
thiopentone NN O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
( , O
50 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Venous JJ O
discomfort NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
visual JJ O
analogue NN O
scale NN O
( -LRB- O
VAS NNP O
) SYM O
5 CD O
- SYM O
15 CD O
sec NN O
after IN O
commencing VBG O
propofol NN O
administration NN O
using VBG O
an DT O
infusion NN O
pump NN O
( , O
rate NN O
1000 CD O
micrograms NNS O
. . O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
consciousness NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
60 CD O
- SYM O
90 CD O
sec NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Visual JJ O
analogue NN O
scores NNS O
( , O
mean VB O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SD NN O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
induction NN O
were VBD O
lower JJR O
in IN O
Groups NNPS O
L NNP O
( : O
3 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
) NFP O
and CC O
T NN O
( SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
in IN O
Group NN O
C NN O
( : O
5 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
) NFP O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0031 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
venous JJ O
discomfort NN O
was VBD O
lower JJR O
in IN O
Group NNP O
L NNP O
( : O
76 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
; : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
in IN O
Group NNP O
C NNP O
( : O
100 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
but CC O
not RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
Group NNP O
T NNP O
( : O
90 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
VAS NNP O
scores NNS O
for IN O
recall NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
recovery NN O
room NN O
were VBD O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
VAS NNP O
scores NNS O
during IN O
induction NN O
( : O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
7045 CD O
; : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recovery NN O
room NN O
discharge NN O
times NNS O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
: : O
C NN O
( : O
75 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
19 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
min NN O
) : O
; : O
L NN O
73 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
21 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
min NN O
) : O
; : O
T NN O
( SYM O
77 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
18 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
min NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Assessing VBG O
their PRP$ O
overall JJ O
satisfaction NN O
, , O
89 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
would MD O
choose VB O
propofol NN O
anaesthesia NN O
again RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
lidocaine NN O
reduces VBZ O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
propofol NN O
injection NN O
pain NN B-Disease
in IN O
ambulatory JJ O
patients NNS O
whereas IN O
thiopentone NN O
only RB O
reduces VBZ O
its PRP$ O
severity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Persistent JJ O
paralysis NN B-Disease
after IN O
prolonged VBN O
use NN O
of IN O
atracurium NN O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuromuscular JJ O
blocking NN O
agents NNS O
( -LRB- O
NMBAs NNP O
) -RRB- O
are VBP O
often RB O
used VBN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
requiring VBG O
prolonged VBN O
mechanical JJ O
ventilation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reports NNS O
of IN O
persistent JJ O
paralysis NN B-Disease
after IN O
the DT O
discontinuance NN O
of IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
have VBP O
most RBS O
often RB O
involved VBN O
aminosteroid NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
NMBAs NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
vecuronium NN O
bromide NN O
, , O
especially RB O
when WRB O
used VBN O
in IN O
conjunction NN O
with IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atracurium NNP O
besylate NN O
, , O
a DT O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
benzylisoquinolinium NN O
NMBA NNP O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
eliminated VBN O
independently RB O
of IN O
renal JJ O
or CC O
hepatic JJ O
function NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
also RB O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
persistent JJ O
paralysis NN B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
only RB O
when WRB O
used VBN O
with IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
atracurium NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
paralysis NN B-Disease
persisting VBG O
for IN O
approximately RB O
50 CD O
hours NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
not RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
phase NN O
I NNP O
/ SYM O
II NNP O
study NN O
of IN O
paclitaxel NN O
plus CC O
cisplatin NN O
as IN O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
line NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
head NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
neck NN I-Disease
cancers NNS I-Disease
: : O
preliminary JJ O
results NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Improved VBN O
outcomes NNS O
among IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
head NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
neck NN I-Disease
carcinomas NNS I-Disease
require VBP O
investigations NNS O
of IN O
new JJ O
drugs NNS O
for IN O
induction NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Preliminary JJ O
results NNS O
of IN O
an DT O
Eastern NNP O
Cooperative NNP O
Oncology NNP O
Group NNP O
study NN O
of IN O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
agent NN O
paclitaxel NN O
( : O
Taxol NNP O
; : O
Bristol NNP O
- HYPH O
Myers NNP O
Squibb NNP O
Company NNP O
, , O
Princeton NNP O
, , O
NJ NNP O
) -RRB- O
reported VBD O
a DT O
37 CD O
% NN O
response NN O
rate NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
head NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
neck NN I-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
paclitaxel NN O
/ SYM O
cisplatin NN O
combination NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
used VBN O
successfully RB O
and CC O
has VBZ O
significantly RB O
improved VBN O
median JJ O
response NN O
duration NN O
in IN O
ovarian JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
initiated VBD O
a DT O
phase NN O
I NNP O
/ SYM O
II NNP O
trial NN O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
response NN O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
escalating VBG O
paclitaxel NN O
doses NNS O
combined VBN O
with IN O
fixed VBN O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
cisplatin NN O
with IN O
granulocyte NN O
colony NN O
- HYPH O
stimulating VBG O
factor NN O
support NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
untreated JJ O
locally RB O
advanced VBN O
inoperable JJ O
head NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
neck NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
date NN O
, , O
23 CD O
men NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
median JJ O
age NN O
of IN O
50 CD O
years NNS O
and CC O
good JJ O
performance NN O
status NN O
have VBP O
entered VBN O
the DT O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Primary JJ O
tumor NN B-Disease
sites NNS O
were VBD O
oropharynx NN O
, , O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
; : O
hypopharynx NN O
, , O
four CD O
; : O
larynx NN O
, , O
two CD O
; : O
oral JJ O
cavity NN O
, , O
three CD O
; : O
unknown JJ O
primary JJ O
, , O
two CD O
; , O
and CC O
nasal JJ O
cavity NN O
and CC O
parotid NN O
gland NN O
, , O
one CD O
each DT O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
20 CD O
patients NNS O
evaluable JJ O
for IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
four CD O
had VBD O
stage NN O
III NN O
and CC O
16 CD O
had VBD O
stage NN O
IV NN O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
, , O
given VBN O
every DT O
21 CD O
days NNS O
for IN O
a DT O
maximum NN O
of IN O
three CD O
cycles NNS O
, , O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
paclitaxel NN O
by IN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
infusion NN O
followed VBN O
the DT O
next JJ O
day NN O
by IN O
a DT O
fixed VBN O
dose NN O
of IN O
cisplatin NN O
( : O
75 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dose NN O
levels NNS O
incorporate VBP O
escalating VBG O
paclitaxel NN O
doses NNS O
, , O
and CC O
intrapatient JJ O
escalations NNS O
within IN O
a DT O
given VBN O
dose NN O
level NN O
are VBP O
permitted VBN O
if IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
permits NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
this DT O
writing NN O
, , O
dose NN O
level NN O
4 CD O
( SYM O
260 CD O
, , O
270 CD O
, , O
and CC O
280 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
being VBG O
evaluated VBN O
; : O
three CD O
patients NNS O
from IN O
this DT O
level NN O
are VBP O
evaluable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
paclitaxel NN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 NN O
and CC O
higher JJR O
, , O
granulocyte NN O
colony NN O
- HYPH O
stimulating VBG O
factor NN O
5 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
d CD O
is VBZ O
given VBN O
( : O
days NNS O
4 CD O
through IN O
12 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
18 CD O
patients NNS O
evaluable JJ O
for IN O
response NN O
, , O
seven CD O
( SYM O
39 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
achieved VBN O
a DT O
complete JJ O
response NN O
and CC O
six CD O
( SYM O
33 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
achieved VBD O
a DT O
partial JJ O
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
no DT O
change NN O
and CC O
disease NN O
progressed VBD O
in IN O
two CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
overall JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
is VBZ O
72 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eleven CD O
responding VBG O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
subsequent JJ O
surgery NN O
/ SYM O
radiotherapy NN O
or CC O
radical JJ O
radiotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
pathologic JJ O
complete JJ O
responses NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
achieved VBN O
clinical JJ O
complete JJ O
responses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Alopecia NN B-Disease
, , O
paresthesias NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
arthralgias NNS B-Disease
/ SYM O
myalgias NNS B-Disease
have VBP O
occurred VBN O
frequently RB O
, , O
but CC O
with IN O
one CD O
exception NN O
( : O
a DT O
grade NN O
3 CD O
myalgia NN B-Disease
) , O
they PRP O
have VBP O
been VBN O
grade NN O
1 CD O
or CC O
2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
hematologic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
seen VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Paclitaxel NN O
/ SYM O
cisplatin NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
effective JJ O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
line NN O
regimen NN O
for IN O
locoregionally RB O
advanced JJ O
head NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
neck NN I-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
and CC O
continued VBN O
study NN O
is VBZ O
warranted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Results NNS O
thus RB O
far RB O
suggest VBP O
no DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
response NN O
effect NN O
for IN O
paclitaxel NN O
doses NNS O
above IN O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Improvement NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
by IN O
propranolol NN O
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seven CD O
patients NNS O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
PD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
with IN O
severely RB O
disabling VBG O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
received VBD O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
propranolol NN O
as IN O
an DT O
adjunct NN O
to IN O
the DT O
currently RB O
used VBN O
medical JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
40 CD O
% NN O
improvement NN O
in IN O
the DT O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
score NN O
without IN O
increase NN O
of IN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
motor NN B-Disease
disability NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ballistic JJ O
and CC O
choreic JJ O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
markedly RB O
ameliorated VBN O
, , O
whereas IN O
dystonia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
not RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
low JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blockers NNS O
may MD O
improve VB O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ballistic JJ O
and CC O
choreic JJ O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
in IN O
PD NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Habitual JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
acetaminophen NN O
as IN O
a DT O
risk NN O
factor NN O
for IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
: : O
a DT O
comparison NN O
with IN O
phenacetin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
epidemiologic JJ O
studies NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
United NNP O
States NNP O
and CC O
Europe NNP O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
habitual JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
phenacetin NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
end NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
stage NN I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
relative JJ O
risk NN O
in IN O
the DT O
range NN O
of IN O
4 CD O
to IN O
19 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
these DT O
and CC O
other JJ O
studies NNS O
, , O
phenacetin NN O
has VBZ O
now RB O
been VBN O
withdrawn VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
market NN O
in IN O
most JJS O
countries NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
three CD O
case NN O
control NN O
studies NNS O
, , O
one CD O
each DT O
in IN O
North NNP O
Carolina NNP O
, , O
northern JJ O
Maryland NNP O
, , O
and CC O
West NNP O
Berlin NNP O
, , O
Germany NNP O
, , O
showed VBD O
that IN O
habitual JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
acetaminophen NN O
is VBZ O
also RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
relative JJ O
risk NN O
in IN O
the DT O
range NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
to IN O
4 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
studies NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
both CC O
phenacetin NN O
and CC O
acetaminophen NN O
may MD O
contribute VB O
to IN O
the DT O
burden NN O
of IN O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
, , O
with IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
the DT O
latter JJ O
being VBG O
somewhat RB O
less JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
former JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
apparent JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
risk NN O
may MD O
not RB O
be VB O
due IN O
to IN O
differences NNS O
in IN O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
potential NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drugs NNS O
themselves PRP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
lower JJR O
relative JJ O
risk NN O
would MD O
be VB O
expected VBN O
for IN O
acetaminophen NN O
if IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
both DT O
drugs NNS O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
other JJ O
analgesics NNS O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
either CC O
agent NN O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
acetaminophen NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
used VBN O
both CC O
as IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
agent NN O
and CC O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
other JJ O
analgesics NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
phenacetin NN O
was VBD O
available JJ O
only RB O
in IN O
combinations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possibility NN O
that IN O
habitual JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
acetaminophen NN O
alone RB O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
clearly RB O
demonstrated VBN O
, , O
but CC O
cannot MD O
be VB O
dismissed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acetaminophen NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Through IN O
30 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
widespread JJ O
use NN O
, , O
acetaminophen NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
remarkably RB O
safe JJ O
medication NN O
in IN O
therapeutic JJ O
dosages NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
potential NN O
for IN O
acetaminophen NN O
to TO O
produce VB O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
toxicities NNS I-Disease
is VBZ O
very RB O
low JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
acetaminophen NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
demonstrated VBN O
to TO O
produce VB O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
anaphylaxis NN B-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
in IN O
sensitive JJ O
individuals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
article NN O
describes VBZ O
two CD O
critically RB B-Disease
ill JJ I-Disease
patients NNS O
in IN O
whom WP O
transient JJ O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
reproducibly RB O
developed VBD O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
acetaminophen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Other JJ O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
allergic JJ B-Disease
reactions NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
not RB O
clinically RB O
detectable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS O
were VBD O
severe JJ O
enough RB O
to TO O
require VB O
vasopressor NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
reports NNS O
illustrate VBP O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
clinicians NNS O
to TO O
consider VB O
acetaminophen NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
of IN O
unknown JJ O
origin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reduction NN O
of IN O
heparan NN O
sulphate NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
anionic JJ O
sites NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
glomerular JJ O
basement NN O
membrane NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
streptozotocin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heparan NNP O
sulphate NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
anionic JJ O
sites NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
glomerular JJ O
basement NN O
membrane NN O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
8 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
induction NN O
of IN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
by IN O
streptozotocin NN O
and CC O
in IN O
age NN O
- HYPH O
adn NN O
sex NN O
- HYPH O
matched VBN O
control NN O
rats NNS O
, , O
employing VBG O
the DT O
cationic JJ O
dye NN O
cuprolinic JJ O
blue NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Morphometric JJ O
analysis NN O
at IN O
the DT O
ultrastructural JJ O
level NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
computerized VBN O
image NN O
processor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
heparan JJ O
sulphate NN O
specificity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cuprolinic JJ O
blue JJ O
staining NN O
was VBD O
demonstrated VBN O
by IN O
glycosaminoglycan NN O
- HYPH O
degrading VBG O
enzymes NNS O
, , O
showing VBG O
that IN O
pretreatment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sections NNS O
with IN O
heparitinase NN O
abolished VBD O
all DT O
staining NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
chondroitinase NN O
ABC NNP O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
majority NN O
of IN O
anionic JJ O
sites NNS O
( : O
74 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
and CC O
81 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
control NN O
rats NNS O
) , O
were VBD O
found VBN O
within IN O
the DT O
lamina FW O
rara FW O
externa NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glomerular JJ O
basement NN O
membrane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
minority NN O
of IN O
anionic JJ O
sites NNS O
were VBD O
scattered VBN O
throughout IN O
the DT O
lamina NN O
densa NN O
and CC O
lamina NN O
rara NN O
interna NN O
, , O
and CC O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
smaller JJR O
than IN O
those DT O
in IN O
the DT O
lamina NN O
rara NN O
externa NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glomerular JJ O
basement NN O
membrane NN O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
and CC O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
for IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
and CC O
control NN O
rats NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diabetic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
progressively RB O
developed VBD O
albuminuria NN B-Disease
reaching VBG O
40 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
( SYM O
32 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
- SYM O
62 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
) SYM O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
24 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
8 CD O
months NNS O
in IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
the DT O
control NN O
animals NNS O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
) SYM O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
24 CD O
h NN O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
002 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
time NN O
, , O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
heparan JJ O
sulphate NN O
anionic JJ O
sites NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
total JJ O
anionic JJ O
site NN O
surface NN O
( , O
number NN O
of IN O
anionic JJ O
sites NNS O
x VBP O
mean JJ O
anionic JJ O
site NN O
surface NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
lamina NN O
rara NN O
externa NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glomerular JJ O
basement NN O
membrane NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
19 CD O
% NN O
( , O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
021 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
by IN O
26 CD O
% NN O
( , O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Number NN O
and CC O
total JJ O
anionic JJ O
site NN O
surface NN O
in IN O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
part NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glomerular JJ O
basement NN O
membrane NN O
( , O
lamina FW O
densa FW O
and CC O
lamina FW O
rara FW O
interna NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
changed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
in IN O
streptozotocin NN O
- HYPH O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
with IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
urinary JJ O
albumin NN O
excretion NN O
, , O
a DT O
reduced VBN O
heparan NN O
sulphate NN O
charge NN O
barrier NN O
/ SYM O
density NN O
is VBZ O
found VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
lamina FW O
rara FW O
externa NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glomerular JJ O
basement NN O
membrane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mediation NN O
of IN O
enhanced VBN O
reflex JJ O
vagal JJ O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
by IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
via IN O
central JJ O
dopamine NN O
formation NN O
in IN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
L NNP O
- HYPH O
Dopa NNP O
( : O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
decreased VBN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
after IN O
extracerebral JJ O
decarboxylase NN O
inhibition NN O
with IN O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
486 CD O
( SYM O
25 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
anesthetize JJ O
MAO NN O
- HYPH O
inhibited VBN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
reflex NN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
injected VBN O
norepinephrine NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
enhanced VBN O
by IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
, , O
DL NNP O
- HYPH O
Threo NNP O
- HYPH O
dihydroxyphenylserine NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
heart NN O
rate NN O
or CC O
reflex NN O
responses NNS O
to IN O
norepinephrine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
FLA NNP O
- HYPH O
63 CD O
, , O
a DT O
dopamine NN O
- HYPH O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
oxidase NN O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
have VB O
any DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
or CC O
reflex NN O
- HYPH O
enhancing VBG O
effect NN O
of IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pimozide NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
actions NNS O
of IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
on IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
but CC O
completely RB O
blocked VBD O
the DT O
enhancement NN O
of IN O
reflexes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Removal NN O
of IN O
the DT O
carotid JJ O
sinuses NNS O
caused VBD O
an DT O
elevation NN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
abolished VBD O
the DT O
negative JJ O
chronotropic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
norepinephrine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
restored VBD O
the DT O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
norepinephrine NN O
in IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
decreasing VBG O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HTP NN O
( : O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
decreased VBD O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
decreased VBN O
the DT O
reflex NN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
to IN O
norepinephrine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NN O
enhances VBZ O
reflex NN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
through IN O
central JJ O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
stimulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
the DT O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
mediated VBN O
through IN O
dopamine NN O
rather RB O
than IN O
norepinephrine NN O
and CC O
do VBP O
not RB O
require VB O
the DT O
carotid JJ O
sinus NN O
baroreceptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Microangiopathic JJ B-Disease
hemolytic JJ I-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
complicating VBG O
FK506 NNP O
( , O
tacrolimus NN O
) -RRB- O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
3 CD O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
microangiopathic JJ B-Disease
hemolytic JJ I-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
( , O
MAHA NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
2 CD O
solid JJ O
organ NN O
recipients NNS O
under IN O
FK506 NNP O
( , O
tacrolimus NN O
) -RRB- O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
both DT O
cases NNS O
, , O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
FK506 NNP O
and CC O
treatment NN O
with IN O
plasma NN O
exchange NN O
, , O
fresh JJ O
frozen JJ O
plasma NN O
replacement NN O
, , O
corticosteroids NNS O
, , O
aspirin NN O
, , O
and CC O
dipyridamole NN O
led VBD O
to IN O
resolution NN O
of IN O
MAHA NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
one CD O
patient NN O
, , O
reintroduction NN O
of IN O
FK506 NNP O
led VBD O
to IN O
rapid JJ O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
MAHA NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
FK506 NNP O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
MAHA NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
probably RB O
rare JJ O
but CC O
physicians NNS O
must MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
severe JJ O
complication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
our PRP$ O
experience NN O
and CC O
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
, , O
FK506 NNP O
does VBZ O
not RB O
seem VB O
to TO O
cross VB O
- HYPH O
react VB O
with IN O
cyclosporin NN O
A NN O
( , O
CyA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
immuno NN O
- HYPH O
suppressive JJ O
drug NN O
already RB O
known VBN O
to TO O
induce VB O
MAHA NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
some DT O
anticancer JJ O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
combined VBN O
chemotherapy NN O
on IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
action NN O
of IN O
anticancer JJ O
drugs NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
nitrogranulogen NN O
( , O
NG NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
methotrexate NN O
( , O
MTX NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
( -LRB- O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
( -LRB- O
CY NN O
) -RRB- O
administered VBN O
alone RB O
or CC O
in IN O
combination NN O
[ -LRB- O
MTX NNP O
+ SYM O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NNP O
+ CC O
CY NNP O
( -LRB- O
CMF NNP O
) -RRB- O
] -RRB- O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
experiments NNS O
on IN O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
drug NN O
administration NN O
, , O
creatinine NN O
concentrations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
urine NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histopathologic JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
kidneys NNS O
was VBD O
also RB O
performed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
MTX NNP O
administration NN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0228 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
creatinine NN O
concentration NN O
and CC O
a DT O
significant JJ O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) NFP O
decrease NN O
in IN O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
NG NNP O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NNP O
and CC O
CY NNP O
neither CC O
a DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
creatinine NN O
concentration NN O
nor CC O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
group NN O
receiving VBG O
no DT O
cytostatics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
polytherapy NN O
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
CMF NNP O
regimen NN O
, , O
a DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. , O
0343 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
, , O
but CC O
creatinine NN O
concentration NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
increase VB O
significantly RB O
compared VBN O
to IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CY NNP O
caused VBD O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
in IN O
40 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
but CC O
it PRP O
did VBD O
not RB O
cause VB O
this DT O
complication NN O
when WRB O
combined VBN O
with IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NNP O
and CC O
MTX NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histologic JJ O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
rat JJ O
kidneys NNS O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
MTX NNP O
, , O
CY NNP O
and CC O
NG NNP O
, , O
while IN O
no DT O
such JJ O
change NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
after IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
and CC O
joint JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
MTX NNP O
+ SYM O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
+ CC O
CY NNP O
compared VBN O
to IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
studies NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
MTX NNP O
+ SYM O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
+ CC O
CY NNP O
administered VBN O
jointly RB O
is VBZ O
lower JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
monotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
interpeduncular JJ O
nucleus NN O
regulates VBZ O
nicotine NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
effects NNS O
on IN O
free JJ O
- HYPH O
field NN O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Partial JJ O
lesions NNS O
were VBD O
made VBN O
with IN O
kainic JJ O
acid NN O
in IN O
the DT O
interpeduncular JJ O
nucleus NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ventral JJ O
midbrain NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
sham NN O
- HYPH O
operated VBN O
controls NNS O
, , O
lesions NNS O
significantly RB O
( : O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
) -RRB- O
blunted VBD O
the DT O
early JJ O
( , O
< SYM O
60 CD O
min NN O
) SYM O
free JJ O
- HYPH O
field NN O
locomotor NN B-Disease
hypoactivity NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
nicotine NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg CD O
kg NN O
( HYPH O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
m NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
enhanced VBD O
the DT O
later JJ O
( , O
60 CD O
- SYM O
120 CD O
min NN O
) , O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
raised VBD O
spontaneous JJ O
nocturnal JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lesions NNS O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
immunohistological JJ O
staining NN O
for IN O
choline NN O
acetyltransferase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
interpeduncular JJ O
nucleus NN O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
025 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
for IN O
tyrosine NN O
hydroxylase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
surrounding VBG O
catecholaminergic JJ O
A10 NN O
region NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
interpeduncular JJ O
nucleus NN O
mediates VBZ O
nicotinic JJ O
depression NN B-Disease
of IN O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
and CC O
dampens VBZ O
nicotinic JJ O
arousal JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
located VBN O
elsewhere RB O
in IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lithium NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
functional JJ I-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
reduced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
switch NN O
to IN O
divalproex NN O
sodium NN O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
series NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Lithium NN O
remains VBZ O
a DT O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
line NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
and CC O
maintenance NN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
much JJ O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
written VBN O
about IN O
the DT O
management NN O
of IN O
the DT O
more RBR O
common JJ O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
lithium NN O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
polyuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
tremor NN B-Disease
, , O
more RBR O
subtle JJ O
lithium NN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
, , O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
creativity NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
functional JJ B-Disease
impairments NNS I-Disease
remain VBP O
understudied JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
report NN O
summarizes VBZ O
our PRP$ O
experience NN O
in IN O
switching VBG O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
from IN O
lithium NN O
to IN O
divalproex NN O
sodium NN O
to TO O
alleviate VB O
such JJ O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
functional JJ I-Disease
impairments NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
Open JJ O
, , O
case NN O
series NN O
design NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
report VBP O
seven CD O
cases NNS O
where WRB O
substitution NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
, , O
either CC O
fully RB O
or CC O
partially RB O
, , O
with IN O
divalproex NN O
sodium NN O
was VBD O
extremely RB O
helpful JJ O
in IN O
reducing VBG O
the DT O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
, , I-Disease
motivational JJ I-Disease
, , I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
creative JJ I-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
attributed VBN O
to IN O
lithium NN O
in IN O
our PRP$ O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
In IN O
this DT O
preliminary JJ O
report NN O
, , O
divalproex NN O
sodium NN O
was VBD O
a DT O
superior JJ O
alternative NN O
to IN O
lithium NN O
in IN O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
experiencing VBG O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
, , O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
creativity NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
functional JJ B-Disease
impairments NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
nifedipine NN O
on IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
liver NN O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
receiving VBG O
tacrolimus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
nifedipine NN O
on IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
liver NN O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
receiving VBG O
tacrolimus NN O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
between IN O
January NNP O
1992 CD O
and CC O
January NNP O
1996 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
groups NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
tacrolimus NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
over IN O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
, , O
one CD O
group NN O
comprising VBG O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
receiving VBG O
nifedipine NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
other JJ O
comprising VBG O
nonhypertensive JJ O
patients NNS O
not RB O
receiving VBG O
nifedipine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
time NN O
from IN O
transplant NN O
to IN O
baseline NN O
was VBD O
similar JJ O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nifedipine NNP O
significantly RB O
improved VBD O
kidney NN O
function NN O
as IN O
indicated VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
lowering NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
levels NNS O
at IN O
6 CD O
and CC O
12 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
observed JJ O
positive JJ O
impact NN O
of IN O
nifedipine NN O
on IN O
reducing VBG O
the DT O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
tacrolimus NN O
in IN O
liver NN O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
an DT O
important JJ O
factor NN O
in IN O
selecting VBG O
an DT O
agent NN O
to TO O
treat VB O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Alpha NN O
and CC O
beta JJ O
coma NN B-Disease
in IN O
drug NN O
intoxication NN O
uncomplicated JJ O
by IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
hypoxia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Four CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
rendered VBN O
comatose JJ B-Disease
or CC O
stuporous JJ B-Disease
by IN O
drug NN O
intoxication NN O
, , O
but CC O
who WP O
were VBD O
not RB O
hypoxic JJ O
, , O
are VBP O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
chlormethiazole NN O
for IN O
alcohol NN O
withdrawal NN B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
one CD O
took VBD O
a DT O
suicidal JJ O
overdose NN B-Disease
of IN O
nitrazepam NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
nitrazepam NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
and CC O
two CD O
of IN O
those DT O
with IN O
chlormethiazole NN O
intoxication NN O
conformed VBD O
to IN O
the DT O
criteria NNS O
of IN O
' `` O
alpha NN O
coma NN B-Disease
' '' O
, , O
showing VBG O
non RB O
- HYPH O
reactive JJ O
generalized JJ O
or CC O
frontally RB O
predominant JJ O
alpha NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
EEG NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
fourth JJ O
patient NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
unconscious JJ O
after IN O
chlormethiazole NN O
administration NN O
exhibite NN O
generalized VBD O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
reactive JJ O
activity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
slow JJ O
beta NN O
range NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
four CD O
recovered VBD O
completely RB O
without IN O
neurological JJ B-Disease
sequelae NN I-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
the DT O
offending VBG O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
similarities NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
structural JJ O
lesions NNS O
and CC O
pharmacological JJ O
depression NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
stem NN O
reticular JJ O
formation NN O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
in IN O
both DT O
situations NNS O
disturbed VBN O
reticulo JJ O
- HYPH O
thalamic JJ O
interactions NNS O
are VBP O
important JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
coma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
when WRB O
this DT O
electroencephalographic JJ O
and CC O
behavioural JJ O
picture NN O
is VBZ O
seen VBN O
in IN O
drug NN O
intoxication NN O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
significant JJ O
hypoxaemia NN B-Disease
, , O
a DT O
favourable JJ O
outcome NN O
may MD O
be VB O
anticipated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
volumetry NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cerebellum NN O
in IN O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
after IN O
phenytoin NN O
overdosages VBZ B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
phenytoin NN O
medication NN O
and CC O
cerebellar NN B-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
experienced VBN O
clinical JJ O
intoxication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
females NNS O
and CC O
6 CD O
males NNS O
, , O
21 CD O
- SYM O
59 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
, , O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
T NN O
whole JJ O
- HYPH O
body NN O
system NN O
using VBG O
a DT O
circular JJ O
polarized JJ O
head NN O
coil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conventional JJ O
spin NN O
echo NN O
images NNS O
were VBD O
acquired VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
sagittal JJ O
and CC O
transverse JJ O
orientation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
we PRP O
performed VBD O
a DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
resolution NN O
3D NN O
gradient NN O
echo NN O
, , O
T1 NN O
- HYPH O
weighted VBN O
sequences NNS O
at IN O
a DT O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
mm NN O
slice NN O
thickness NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
images NNS O
were VBD O
subsequently RB O
processed VBN O
to TO O
obtain VB O
volumetric JJ O
data NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
cerebellum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebellar JJ O
volume NN O
for IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
group NN O
ranged VBD O
between IN O
67 CD O
. , O
66 CD O
and CC O
131 CD O
. . O
08 CD O
ml NNS O
( : O
mean JJ O
108 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
ml NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
3D NN O
gradient NN O
echo NN O
data NN O
sets VBZ O
from IN O
10 CD O
healthy JJ O
male NN O
and CC O
10 CD O
healthy JJ O
female JJ O
age NN O
- HYPH O
matched VBN O
volunteers NNS O
were VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
compare VB O
cerebellar NN O
volumes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
linear JJ O
regression NN O
we PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
no DT O
correlation NN O
exists VBZ O
between IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
duration NN O
, , O
elevation NN O
of IN O
phenytoin NN O
serum NN O
levels NNS O
and CC O
cerebellar NN O
volume NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
multiple JJ O
regression NN O
for IN O
the DT O
daily JJ O
dosage NN O
, , O
duration NN O
of IN O
phenytoin NN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
cerebellar NN O
volume NN O
revealed VBD O
a DT O
correlation NN O
of IN O
these DT O
parameters NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
phenytoin NN O
overdosage NN B-Disease
does VBZ O
not RB O
necessarily RB O
result VB O
in IN O
cerebellar NN B-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
and CC O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
unlikely JJ O
that IN O
phenytoin NN O
medication NN O
was VBD O
the DT O
only JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
cerebellar NN B-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Quantitative JJ O
morphometric JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
cerebellum NN O
provide VBP O
valuable JJ O
insights NNS O
into IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
cerebellar JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Late JJ O
recovery NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
a DT O
woman NN O
with IN O
the DT O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
uremic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
of IN O
the DT O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
uremic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
HUS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
a DT O
woman NN O
taking VBG O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
heparin NN O
, , O
dipyridamole NN O
and CC O
hemodialysis NN O
; : O
and CC O
after IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
three CD O
months NNS O
, , O
her PRP$ O
urinary JJ O
output NN O
rose VBD O
above IN O
500 CD O
ml NNS O
; : O
and CC O
six CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
anuria NN B-Disease
, , O
dialysis NN O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
stopped VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
emphasizes VBZ O
the DT O
possibility NN O
that IN O
HUS NNP B-Disease
in IN O
adults NNS O
is VBZ O
not RB O
invariably RB O
irreversible JJ O
and CC O
that IN O
, , O
despite IN O
prolonged JJ O
oliguria NN B-Disease
, , O
recovery NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
can MD O
be VB O
obtained VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
in IN O
adult NN O
patients NNS O
affected VBN O
by IN O
HUS NNP B-Disease
, , O
dialysis NN O
should MD O
not RB O
be VB O
discontinued VBN O
prematurely RB O
; : O
moreover RB O
, , O
bilateral JJ O
nephrectomy NN O
, , O
for IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
and CC O
microangiopathic JJ B-Disease
hemolytic JJ I-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
, , O
should MD O
be VB O
performed VBN O
with IN O
caution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Morphological JJ O
features NNS O
of IN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
after IN O
chronic JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
antiepileptic JJ O
drug NN O
valproate NN O
to IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
transmission NN O
electron NN O
microscopic JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
capillaries NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
cerebellar NN O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
intragastric JJ O
application NN O
of IN O
the DT O
antiepileptic JJ O
drug NN O
sodium NN O
valproate NN O
( -LRB- O
Vupral NNP O
"""" `` O
Polfa NNP O
"""" '' O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
the DT O
effective JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
200 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
b NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
w LS O
. . O
once RB O
daily RB O
to IN O
rats NNS O
for IN O
1 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
, , O
6 CD O
, , O
9 CD O
and CC O
12 CD O
months NNS O
revealed VBD O
neurological JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
indicating VBG O
cerebellum NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
( : O
"""" `` O
valproate NN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
"""" '' O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
first JJ O
ultrastructural JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
structural JJ O
elements NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
- HYPH O
barrier NN O
( -LRB- O
BBB NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
cerebellar JJ O
cortex NN O
were VBD O
detectable JJ O
after IN O
3 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
experiment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
became VBD O
more RBR O
severe JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
later JJ O
months NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
experiment NN O
, , O
and CC O
were VBD O
most RBS O
severe JJ O
after IN O
12 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
located VBN O
mainly RB O
in IN O
the DT O
molecular JJ O
layer NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cerebellar NN O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lesions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
capillary NN O
included VBD O
necrosis NN B-Disease
of IN O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Organelles NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
cells NNS O
, , O
in IN O
particular JJ O
the DT O
mitochondria NN O
( , O
increased VBN O
number NN O
and CC O
size NN O
, , O
distinct JJ O
degeneration NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
matrix NN O
and CC O
cristae NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
Golgi NNP O
apparatus NN O
were VBD O
altered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reduced VBN O
size NN O
of IN O
capillary JJ O
lumen NN O
and CC O
occlusion NN O
were VBD O
caused VBN O
by IN O
swollen VBN O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
which WDT O
had VBD O
luminal JJ O
protrusions NNS O
and CC O
swollen VBN O
microvilli NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pressure NN O
on IN O
the DT O
vessel NN O
wall NN O
was VBD O
produced VBN O
by IN O
enlarged JJ O
perivascular JJ O
astrocytic JJ O
processes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fragments NNS O
of IN O
necrotic JJ B-Disease
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
were VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
vascular JJ O
lumens NNS O
and CC O
in IN O
these DT O
there EX O
was VBD O
loosening NN O
and CC O
breaking NN O
of IN O
tight JJ O
cellular JJ O
junctions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Damage NN O
to IN O
the DT O
vascular JJ O
basement NN O
lamina NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Damage NN O
to IN O
the DT O
capillary NN O
was VBD O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
marked VBN O
damage NN O
to IN O
neuroglial JJ O
cells NNS O
, , O
mainly RB O
to IN O
perivascular JJ O
processes NNS O
of IN O
astrocytes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
proliferation NN O
of IN O
astrocytes NNS O
( , O
Bergmann NNP O
' POS O
s NNS O
in IN O
particular JJ O
) , O
and CC O
occasionally RB O
of IN O
oligodendrocytes NNS O
was VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Alterations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
structural JJ O
elements NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
coexisted VBD O
with IN O
marked JJ O
lesions NNS O
of IN O
neurons NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
cerebellum NN O
( , O
Purkinje JJ O
cells NNS O
are VBP O
earliest JJS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
electron NN O
micrographs NNS O
both CC O
luminal JJ O
and CC O
antiluminal JJ O
sides NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
of IN O
the DT O
cerebellar JJ O
cortex NN O
had VBD O
similar JJ O
lesions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possible JJ O
influence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
, , O
mainly RB O
hyperammonemia NN B-Disease
, , O
upon IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
valproate NN O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fatal JJ O
intracranial JJ B-Disease
bleeding NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
prehospital JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
epinephrine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
paramedic JJ O
misjudgment NN O
in IN O
the DT O
execution NN O
of IN O
a DT O
protocol NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
allergic JJ B-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
with IN O
wheezing NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
sudden JJ O
onset NN O
of IN O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
distress NN I-Disease
, , O
rash NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
medicine NN O
led VBD O
the DT O
two CD O
paramedics NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
scene NN O
to TO O
administer VB O
subcutaneous JJ O
epinephrine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subsequently RB O
, , O
acute JJ O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
and CC O
fatal JJ O
subarachnoid NN B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epinephrine NNP O
has VBZ O
a DT O
proven JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
in IN O
prehospital JJ O
care NN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
use NN O
by IN O
paramedics NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
suspected VBN O
allergic JJ B-Disease
reaction NN I-Disease
and CC O
severe JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
should MD O
be VB O
viewed VBN O
with IN O
caution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Role NN O
of IN O
activation NN O
of IN O
bradykinin NN O
B2 NN O
receptors NNS O
in IN O
disruption NN O
of IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
during IN O
acute JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cellular JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
which WDT O
account VBP O
for IN O
disruption NN O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
during IN O
acute JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
are VBP O
not RB O
clear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
goal NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
synthesis NN O
/ SYM O
release NN O
of IN O
bradykinin NN O
to TO O
activate VB O
B2 NN O
receptors NNS O
in IN O
disruption NN O
of IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
during IN O
acute JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Permeability NN O
of IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
was VBD O
quantitated VBN O
by IN O
clearance NN O
of IN O
fluorescent NN O
- HYPH O
labeled VBN O
dextran NN O
before IN O
and CC O
during IN O
phenylephrine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
vehicle NN O
and CC O
Hoe NNP O
- HYPH O
140 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
microM NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phenylephrine NN O
infusion NN O
increased VBD O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
, , O
arteriolar JJ O
diameter NN O
and CC O
clearance NN O
of IN O
fluorescent JJ O
dextran NN O
by IN O
a DT O
similar JJ O
magnitude NN O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
disruption NN O
of IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
during IN O
acute JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
synthesis NN O
/ SYM O
release NN O
of IN O
bradykinin NN O
to TO O
activate VB O
B2 NN O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Risk NN O
factors NNS O
of IN O
sensorineural JJ B-Disease
hearing NN I-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
in IN O
preterm JJ O
infants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
547 CD O
preterm JJ O
infants NNS O
of IN O
< SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
34 CD O
weeks NNS O
gestation NN O
born VBN O
between IN O
1987 CD O
and CC O
1991 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
children NNS O
( , O
1 CD O
. , O
46 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
severe JJ O
progressive JJ O
and CC O
bilateral JJ O
sensorineural JJ B-Disease
hearing NN I-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Perinatal JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
of IN O
infants NNS O
with IN O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
were VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
of IN O
two CD O
control NN O
groups NNS O
matched VBN O
for IN O
gestation NN O
and CC O
birth NN O
weight NN O
and CC O
for IN O
perinatal JJ O
complications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
observations NNS O
demonstrated VBD O
an DT O
association NN O
of IN O
hearing VBG B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
with IN O
a DT O
higher JJR O
incidence NN O
of IN O
perinatal JJ O
complications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ototoxicity NN B-Disease
appeared VBD O
closely RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
prolonged VBN O
administration NN O
and CC O
higher JJR O
total JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
ototoxic JJ B-Disease
drugs NNS O
, , O
particularly RB O
aminoglycosides NNS O
and CC O
furosemide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
we PRP O
strongly RB O
recommend VBP O
to TO O
prospectively RB O
and CC O
regularly RB O
perform VB O
audiologic JJ O
assessment NN O
in IN O
sick JJ O
preterm JJ O
children NNS O
as IN O
hearing VBG B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
of IN O
delayed JJ O
onset NN O
and CC O
in IN O
most JJS O
cases NNS O
bilateral JJ O
and CC O
severe JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizure NN B-Disease
resulting VBG O
from IN O
a DT O
venlafaxine NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
venlafaxine NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
SUMMARY NN O
: : O
A DT O
40 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
major JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
took VBD O
an DT O
overdose NN B-Disease
of IN O
venlafaxine NN O
in IN O
an DT O
apparent JJ O
suicide NN O
attempt NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
the DT O
ingestion NN O
of IN O
26 CD O
venlafaxine NN O
50 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
tablets NNS O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
experienced VBD O
a DT O
witnessed VBN O
generalized VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
was VBD O
admitted VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
medical JJ O
intensive JJ O
care NN O
unit NN O
, , O
venlafaxine NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
, , O
and CC O
no DT O
further JJ O
sequelae NN O
were VBD O
seen VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
To IN O
our PRP$ O
knowledge NN O
, , O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
reported VBN O
case NN O
of IN O
venlafaxine NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
that WDT O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
generalized VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
nonoverdose JJ O
pharmacokinetics NNS O
and CC O
pharmacodynamics NNS O
of IN O
venlafaxine NN O
and CC O
the DT O
potential JJ O
risks NNS O
of IN O
available JJ O
interventions NNS O
, , O
no DT O
emergent JJ O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
instituted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
venlafaxine NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
in IN O
our PRP$ O
patient NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
episode NN O
of IN O
generalized VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
but CC O
elicited VBD O
no DT O
further JJ O
sequelae NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Combined VBN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
prolonged VBN O
prostaglandin NN O
E1 NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
haemodilution NN B-Disease
on IN O
human JJ O
hepatic JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Combined VBN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
prolonged VBN O
prostaglandin NN O
E1 NNP O
( , O
PGE1 NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
haemodilution NN B-Disease
on IN O
hepatic JJ O
function NN O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
30 CD O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
hip JJ O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
allocated VBN O
to IN O
one CD O
of IN O
three CD O
groups NNS O
; : O
those DT O
in IN O
group NN O
A NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
controlled VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
alone RB O
, , O
those DT O
in IN O
group NN O
B NN O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
haemodilution NN B-Disease
alone RB O
and CC O
those DT O
in IN O
group NN O
C NN O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
both CC O
controlled VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
haemodilution NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haemodilution NN B-Disease
in IN O
groups NNS O
B NNP O
and CC O
C NN O
was VBD O
produced VBN O
by IN O
withdrawing VBG O
approximately RB O
1000 CD O
mL NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
and CC O
replacing VBG O
it PRP O
with IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
amount NN O
of IN O
dextran JJ O
solution NN O
, , O
and CC O
final JJ O
haematocrit NN O
values NNS O
were VBD O
21 CD O
or CC O
22 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Controlled VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
groups NNS O
A NN O
and CC O
C NN O
was VBD O
induced VBN O
with IN O
PGE1 NNP O
to TO O
maintain VB O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
at IN O
55 CD O
mmHg NN O
for IN O
180 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Measurements NNS O
included VBD O
arterial JJ O
ketone NN O
body NN O
ratio NN O
( , O
AKBR NN O
, , O
aceto FW O
- HYPH O
acetate NN O
/ SYM O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxybutyrate NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
hepatic JJ O
function NN O
parameters NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AKBR NNP O
and CC O
biological JJ O
hepatic JJ O
function NN O
tests NNS O
showed VBD O
no DT O
change NN O
throughout IN O
the DT O
time NN O
course NN O
in IN O
groups NNS O
A NN O
and CC O
B NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
group NN O
C NN O
, , O
AKBR NNP O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
at IN O
120 CD O
min NN O
( : O
- SYM O
40 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
at IN O
180 CD O
min NN O
( CD O
- SYM O
49 CD O
% NN O
) , O
after IN O
the DT O
start NN O
of IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
at IN O
60 CD O
min NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
32 CD O
% NN O
) , O
after IN O
recovery NN O
of IN O
normotension NN O
, , O
and CC O
SGOT NNP O
, , O
SGPT NNP O
, , O
LDH NNP O
and CC O
total JJ O
bilirubin NN O
showed VBD O
significant JJ O
increases NNS O
after IN O
operation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
a DT O
prolonged VBN O
combination NN O
of IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
120 CD O
min NN O
of IN O
PGE1 NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
moderate JJ O
haemodilution NN B-Disease
would MD O
cause VB O
impairment NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
alterations NNS I-Disease
in IN O
rat NN O
fetuses NNS O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Preclinical JJ O
toxicologic JJ O
investigation NN O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blocker NN O
, , O
Ro NNP O
40 CD O
- HYPH O
5967 CD O
, , O
induced VBD O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
alterations NNS I-Disease
in IN O
rat NN O
fetuses NNS O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
this DT O
agent NN O
during IN O
organogenesis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
in IN O
general JJ O
induce VBP O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
malformations NNS I-Disease
indicating VBG O
a DT O
pharmacologic JJ O
class NN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
studied VBD O
three CD O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
of IN O
different JJ O
structure NN O
, , O
nifedipine NN O
, , O
diltiazem NN O
, , O
and CC O
verapamil NN O
, , O
along IN O
with IN O
the DT O
new JJ O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pregnant JJ O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
one CD O
of IN O
these DT O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
period NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
morphogenesis NN O
and CC O
the DT O
offspring NN O
examined VBN O
on IN O
day NN O
20 CD O
of IN O
gestation NN O
for IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
malformations NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
low JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
malformations NNS I-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
after IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
each DT O
of IN O
the DT O
four CD O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
, , O
but CC O
this DT O
incidence NN O
was VBD O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
only RB O
for IN O
verapamil NN O
and CC O
nifedipine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
four CD O
agents NNS O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
aortic JJ O
arch NN O
branching NN O
variants NNS O
, , O
although IN O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
only RB O
for IN O
Ro NNP O
40 CD O
- SYM O
5967 CD O
and CC O
verapamil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
site NN O
of IN O
common JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
sumatriptan NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atypical JJ B-Disease
sensations NNS I-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
subcutaneous JJ O
sumatriptan NN O
are VBP O
common JJ O
, , O
but CC O
of IN O
uncertain JJ O
origin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
are VBP O
almost RB O
always RB O
benign JJ O
, , O
but CC O
can MD O
be VB O
mistaken VBN O
for IN O
a DT O
serious JJ O
adverse JJ O
event NN O
by IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
presented VBN O
with IN O
tingling NN B-Disease
or CC I-Disease
burning VBG I-Disease
sensations NNS I-Disease
limited VBN O
to IN O
areas NNS O
of IN O
heat NN O
exposure NN O
or CC O
sunburn NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
these DT O
individuals NNS O
, , O
side NN O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
most RBS O
likely RB O
generated VBN O
superficially RB O
in IN O
the DT O
skin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Macula NNP O
toxicity NN B-Disease
after IN O
intravitreal JJ O
amikacin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Although IN O
intravitreal JJ O
aminoglycosides NNS O
have VBP O
substantially RB O
improved VBN O
visual JJ O
prognosis NN O
in IN O
endophthalmitis NN B-Disease
, , O
macular JJ O
infarction NN B-Disease
may MD O
impair VB O
full JJ O
visual JJ O
recovery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
presumed VBN O
amikacin NN O
retinal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
following VBG O
treatment NN O
with IN O
amikacin NN O
and CC O
vancomycin NN O
for IN O
alpha JJ O
- HYPH O
haemolytic JJ O
streptococcal JJ B-Disease
endophthalmitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Endophthalmitis NNP B-Disease
resolved VBD O
with IN O
improvement NN O
in IN O
visual JJ O
acuity NN O
to IN O
6 CD O
/ SYM O
24 CD O
at IN O
three CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fundus NNP O
fluorescein NN O
angiography NN O
confirmed VBD O
macular JJ O
capillary NN O
closure NN O
and CC O
telangiectasis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Currently RB O
accepted VBN O
intravitreal JJ O
antibiotic JJ O
regimens NNS O
may MD O
cause VB O
retinal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
and CC O
macular JJ O
ischaemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
strategies NNS O
aimed VBN O
at IN O
avoiding VBG O
retinal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
role NN O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
in IN O
smoking NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nicotine NN O
activates VBZ O
the DT O
sympathetic JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
and CC O
in IN O
this DT O
way NN O
could MD O
contribute VB O
to IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Animal NN O
studies NNS O
and CC O
mechanistic JJ O
studies NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
nicotine NN O
could MD O
play VB O
a DT O
role NN O
in IN O
accelerating VBG O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
evidence NN O
among IN O
humans NNS O
is VBZ O
too RB O
inadequate JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
definitive JJ O
about IN O
such PDT O
an DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Almost RB O
certainly RB O
, , O
nicotine NN O
via IN O
its PRP$ O
hemodynamic JJ O
effects NNS O
contributes VBZ O
to IN O
acute JJ O
cardiovascular JJ O
events NNS O
, , O
although IN O
current JJ O
evidence NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
are VBP O
much RB O
less RBR O
important JJ O
than IN O
are VBP O
the DT O
prothrombotic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
cigarette NN O
smoking NN O
or CC O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
carbon NN O
monoxide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nicotine NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
appear VB O
to TO O
enhance VB O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
among IN O
humans NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
pipe NN O
smokers NNS O
and CC O
people NNS O
using VBG O
transdermal JJ O
nicotine NN O
support VBP O
the DT O
idea NN O
that IN O
toxins NNS O
other JJ O
than IN O
nicotine NN O
are VBP O
the DT O
most RBS O
important JJ O
causes NNS O
of IN O
acute JJ O
cardiovascular JJ O
events NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
the DT O
dose NN O
response NN O
for IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
events NNS O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
flat JJ O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
if IN O
nicotine NN O
is VBZ O
involved VBN O
, , O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
might MD O
be VB O
seen VBN O
with IN O
relatively RB O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
level NN O
cigarette NN O
exposures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Iatrogenically RB O
induced VBN O
intractable JJ O
atrioventricular JJ B-Disease
reentrant NN I-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
after IN O
verapamil NN O
and CC O
catheter NN O
ablation NN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
Wolff NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Parkinson NNP I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
White NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
idiopathic JJ B-Disease
dilated VBN I-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
WPW NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
idiopathic JJ B-Disease
dilated VBN I-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
, , O
intractable JJ O
atrioventricular JJ B-Disease
reentrant NN I-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
( , O
AVRT NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
iatrogenically RB O
induced VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
QRS NNP O
without IN O
preexcitation NN O
, , O
caused VBN O
by IN O
junctional JJ O
escape NN O
beats NNS O
after IN O
verapamil NN O
or CC O
unidirectional JJ O
antegrade NN O
block NN O
of IN O
accessory NN O
pathway NN O
after IN O
catheter NN O
ablation NN O
, , O
established VBD O
frequent JJ O
AVRT NNP B-Disease
attack NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epidemic NN O
of IN O
liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
hydrochlorofluorocarbons NNS O
used VBN O
as IN O
ozone NN O
- HYPH O
sparing VBG O
substitutes NNS O
of IN O
chlorofluorocarbons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Hydrochlorofluorocarbons NNS O
( -LRB- O
HCFCs NNP O
) -RRB- O
are VBP O
used VBN O
increasingly RB O
in IN O
industry NN O
as IN O
substitutes NNS O
for IN O
ozone NN O
- HYPH O
depleting VBG O
chlorofluorocarbons NNS O
( -LRB- O
CFCs NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Limited JJ O
studies NNS O
in IN O
animals NNS O
indicate VBP O
potential JJ O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
some DT O
of IN O
these DT O
compounds NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
an DT O
epidemic NN O
of IN O
liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
nine CD O
industrial JJ O
workers NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
had VBN O
repeated VBN O
accidental JJ O
exposure NN O
to IN O
a DT O
mixture NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
dichloro NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
trifluoroethane NN O
( , O
HCFC NNP O
123 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
chloro NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
tetrafluoroethane NN O
( , O
HCFC NNP O
124 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
nine CD O
exposed VBN O
workers NNS O
were VBD O
affected VBN O
to IN O
various JJ O
degrees NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
compounds NNS O
are VBP O
metabolised VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
way NN O
as IN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
bromo NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
chloro NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
trifluoroethane NN O
( , O
halothane NN O
) -RRB- O
to TO O
form VB O
reactive JJ O
trifluoroacetyl NN O
halide NN O
intermediates NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
have VBP O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
halothane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
aimed VBD O
to TO O
test VB O
whether IN O
HCFCs NNP O
123 CD O
and CC O
124 CD O
can MD O
result VB O
in IN O
serious JJ O
liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
For IN O
one CD O
severely RB O
affected VBN O
worker NN O
liver NN O
biopsy NN O
and CC O
immunohistochemical JJ O
stainings NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
trifluoroacetyl NN O
protein NN O
adducts NNS O
were VBD O
done VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
serum NN O
of IN O
six CD O
affected JJ O
workers NNS O
and CC O
five CD O
controls NNS O
was VBD O
tested VBN O
for IN O
autoantibodies NNS O
that WDT O
react VBP O
with IN O
human JJ O
liver NN O
cytochrome NN O
- HYPH O
P450 NNP O
2E1 CD O
( SYM O
P450 CD O
2E1 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
P58 NN O
protein NN O
disulphide NN O
isomerase NN O
isoform NN O
( -LRB- O
P58 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
FINDINGS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
liver NN O
biopsy NN O
sample NN O
showed VBD O
hepatocellular JJ O
necrosis NN B-Disease
which WDT O
was VBD O
prominent JJ O
in IN O
perivenular JJ O
zone NN O
three CD O
and CC O
extended VBN O
focally RB O
from IN O
portal JJ O
tracts NNS O
to IN O
portal JJ O
tracts NNS O
and CC O
centrilobular JJ O
areas NNS O
( , O
bridging VBG O
necrosis NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Trifluoroacetyl NNP O
- HYPH O
adducted VBN O
proteins NNS O
were VBD O
detected VBN O
in IN O
surviving VBG O
hepatocytes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Autoantibodies NNS O
against IN O
P450 NNP O
2E1 CD O
or CC O
P58 NNP O
, , O
previously RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
halothane NN B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
, , O
were VBD O
detected VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
serum NN O
of IN O
five CD O
affected JJ O
workers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTERPRETATION NN O
: : O
Repeated VBN O
exposure NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
beings NNS O
to IN O
HCFCs NNP O
123 CD O
and CC O
124 CD O
can MD O
result VB O
in IN O
serious JJ O
liver NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
large JJ O
proportion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
exposed JJ O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
exact JJ O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
these DT O
agents NNS O
is VBZ O
not RB O
known VBN O
, , O
the DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
trifluoroacetyl NN O
- HYPH O
altered VBN O
liver NN O
proteins NNS O
are VBP O
involved VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
view NN O
of IN O
the DT O
potentially RB O
widespread JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
these DT O
compounds NNS O
, , O
there EX O
is VBZ O
an DT O
urgent JJ O
need NN O
to TO O
develop VB O
safer JJR O
alternatives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bile NNP B-Disease
duct NN I-Disease
hamartoma NN I-Disease
occurring VBG O
in IN O
association NN O
with IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
danazol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
bile NN B-Disease
duct NN I-Disease
hamartoma NN I-Disease
which WDT O
developed VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
on IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
danazol NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
patients NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
under IN O
close JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
, , O
preferably RB O
with IN O
periodic JJ O
ultrasound NN O
examination NN O
of IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
If IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
develops VBZ O
a DT O
liver NN B-Disease
mass NN I-Disease
, , O
because IN O
of IN O
non RB O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
clinical JJ O
features NNS O
and CC O
imaging NN O
appearances NNS O
, , O
biopsy NN O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
only JJ O
way NN O
to TO O
achieve VB O
a DT O
definitive JJ O
diagnosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Endocrine NN O
screening NN O
in IN O
1 CD O
, , O
022 CD O
men NNS O
with IN O
erectile JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
: : O
clinical JJ O
significance NN O
and CC O
cost NN O
- HYPH O
effective JJ O
strategy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
We PRP O
reviewed VBD O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
serum NN O
testosterone NN O
and CC O
prolactin NN O
determination NN O
in IN O
1 CD O
, , O
022 CD O
patients NNS O
referred VBN O
because IN O
of IN O
erectile JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
and CC O
compared VBD O
the DT O
data NNS O
with IN O
history NN O
, , O
results NNS O
of IN O
physical JJ O
examination NN O
, , O
other JJ O
etiological JJ O
investigations NNS O
and CC O
effects NNS O
of IN O
endocrine NN O
therapy NN O
to TO O
refine VB O
the DT O
rules NNS O
of IN O
cost NN O
- HYPH O
effective JJ O
endocrine NN O
screening NN O
and CC O
to TO O
pinpoint VB O
actual JJ O
responsibility NN O
for IN O
hormonal JJ O
abnormalities NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIALS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Testosterone NN O
and CC O
prolactin NN O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
radioimmunoassay NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Every DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
screened VBN O
for IN O
testosterone NN O
and CC O
451 CD O
were VBD O
screened VBN O
for IN O
prolactin NN O
on IN O
the DT O
basis NN O
of IN O
low JJ B-Disease
sexual JJ I-Disease
desire NN I-Disease
, , O
gynecomastia NN B-Disease
or CC O
testosterone NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
4 CD O
ng NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
ml UH O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Determination NN O
was VBD O
repeated VBN O
in IN O
case NN O
of IN O
abnormal JJ O
first JJ O
results NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolactin JJ O
results NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
of IN O
a DT O
previous JJ O
personal JJ O
cohort NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
, , O
340 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
erectile JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
and CC O
systematic JJ O
prolactin JJ O
determination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Main JJ O
clinical JJ O
criteria NNS O
tested VBD O
regarding VBG O
efficiency NN O
in IN O
hormone NN O
determination NN O
were VBD O
low JJ B-Disease
sexual JJ I-Disease
desire NN I-Disease
, , O
small JJ O
testes NNS O
and CC O
gynecomastia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Endocrine NN O
therapy NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
testosterone NN O
heptylate NN O
or CC O
human JJ O
chorionic JJ O
gonadotropin NN O
for IN O
hypogonadism NN B-Disease
and CC O
bromocriptine NN O
for IN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Testosterone NN O
was VBD O
less JJR O
than IN O
3 CD O
ng NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
ml CD O
. . O
in IN O
107 CD O
patients NNS O
but CC O
normal JJ O
in IN O
40 CD O
% NN O
at IN O
repeat NN O
determination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
repeatedly RB O
low JJ O
testosterone NN O
increased VBD O
with IN O
age NN O
( : O
4 CD O
% NN O
before IN O
age NN O
50 CD O
years NNS O
and CC O
9 CD O
% NN O
50 CD O
years NNS O
or CC O
older JJR O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
pituitary JJ B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
discovered VBN O
after IN O
testosterone NN O
determination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Most JJS O
of IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
low JJ O
testosterone NN O
levels NNS O
seemed VBD O
to TO O
result VB O
from IN O
nonorganic JJ O
hypothalamic JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
because IN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
serum NN O
luteinizing VBG O
hormone NN O
and CC O
prolactin NN O
and CC O
to TO O
have VB O
only RB O
a DT O
small JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
erectile JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
( : O
definite JJ O
improvement NN O
in IN O
only RB O
16 CD O
of IN O
44 CD O
[ -LRB- O
36 CD O
% NN O
] -RRB- O
after IN O
androgen NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
normal JJ O
morning NN O
or CC O
nocturnal JJ O
erections NNS O
in IN O
30 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
definite JJ O
vasculogenic JJ O
contributions NNS O
in IN O
42 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Determining VBG O
testosterone NN O
only RB O
in IN O
cases NNS O
of IN O
low JJ B-Disease
sexual JJ I-Disease
desire NN I-Disease
or CC O
abnormal JJ O
physical JJ O
examination NN O
would MD O
have VB O
missed VBN O
40 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cases NNS O
with IN O
low JJ O
testosterone NN O
, , O
including VBG O
37 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
those DT O
subsequently RB O
improved VBN O
by IN O
androgen NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolactin NN O
exceeded VBD O
20 CD O
ng NNS O
. . O
/ SYM O
ml UH O
. . O
in IN O
5 CD O
men NNS O
and CC O
was VBD O
normal JJ O
in IN O
2 CD O
at IN O
repeat NN O
determination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Only RB O
1 CD O
prolactinoma NN B-Disease
was VBD O
discovered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
are VBP O
lower JJR O
than IN O
those DT O
we PRP O
found VBD O
during IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
2 CD O
decades NNS O
( , O
overall JJ O
prolactin NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
20 CD O
ng NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
ml CD O
. . O
in IN O
1 CD O
. . O
86 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
, , O
821 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
prolactinomas NNS B-Disease
in IN O
7 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
38 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bromocriptine NNP O
was VBD O
definitely RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
cases NNS O
with IN O
prolactin NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
35 CD O
ng NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
ml UH O
. . O
null null null-Disease
( : O
8 CD O
of IN O
12 CD O
compared VBN O
to IN O
only RB O
9 CD O
of IN O
22 CD O
cases NNS O
with IN O
prolactin NN O
between IN O
20 CD O
and CC O
35 CD O
ng CD O
. . O
/ SYM O
ml CD O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Testosterone NN O
was VBD O
low JJ O
in IN O
less JJR O
than IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
cases NNS O
with IN O
prolactin NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
35 CD O
ng NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
ml UH O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Low JJ O
prevalences NNS O
and CC O
effects NNS O
of IN O
low JJ O
testosterone NN O
and CC O
high JJ O
prolactin NN O
in IN O
erectile JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
cannot MD O
justify VB O
their PRP$ O
routine JJ O
determination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
cost NN O
- HYPH O
effective JJ O
screening NN O
strategies NNS O
recommended VBN O
so RB O
far RB O
missed VBD O
40 CD O
to TO O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
cases NNS O
improved VBN O
with IN O
endocrine NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
the DT O
pituitary JJ B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
now RB O
advocate VBP O
that IN O
before IN O
age NN O
50 CD O
years NNS O
testosterone NN O
be VB O
determined VBN O
only RB O
in IN O
cases NNS O
of IN O
low JJ B-Disease
sexual JJ I-Disease
desire NN I-Disease
and CC O
abnormal JJ O
physical JJ O
examination NN O
but CC O
that IN O
it PRP O
be VB O
measured VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
men NNS O
older JJR O
than IN O
50 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolactin NN O
should MD O
be VB O
determined VBN O
only RB O
in IN O
cases NNS O
of IN O
low JJ B-Disease
sexual JJ I-Disease
desire NN I-Disease
, , O
gynecomastia NN B-Disease
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
testosterone NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
4 CD O
ng NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
ml UH O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
at IN O
comparable JJ O
D2 NNP O
receptor NN O
occupancy NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Risperidone NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
antipsychotic JJ O
drug NN O
with IN O
high JJ O
affinity NN O
at IN O
dopamine NN O
D2 NN O
and CC O
serotonin NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT2 NN O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
proposed VBN O
that IN O
risperidone NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
pharmacologic JJ O
profile NN O
may MD O
produce VB O
improved JJ O
efficacy NN O
for IN O
negative JJ O
psychotic JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
and CC O
decreased VBN O
propensity NN O
for IN O
extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
; : O
features NNS O
shared VBN O
by IN O
so RB O
- HYPH O
called VBN O
' `` O
atypical JJ O
' '' O
neuroleptics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
determine VB O
if IN O
routine JJ O
risperidone NN O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
unique JJ O
degree NN O
of IN O
D2 NN O
receptor NN O
occupancy NN O
and CC O
pattern NN O
of IN O
clinical JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
used VBD O
[ -LRB- O
123I CD O
] -RRB- O
IBZM NNP O
SPECT NNP O
to TO O
determine VB O
D2 NN O
occupancy NN O
in IN O
subjects NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
routine JJ O
clinical JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
risperidone NN O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
12 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
haloperidol NN O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both CC O
risperidone NN O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
produced VBD O
D2 NNP O
occupancy NN O
levels NNS O
between IN O
approximately RB O
60 CD O
and CC O
90 CD O
% NN O
at IN O
standard JJ O
clinical JJ O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
between IN O
occupancy NN O
levels NNS O
obtained VBN O
with IN O
haloperidol NN O
or CC O
risperidone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drug NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
induced VBN I-Disease
parkinsonism NN I-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
subjects NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
( : O
42 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
( : O
29 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
at IN O
occupancy NN O
levels NNS O
above IN O
60 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
these DT O
observations NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT2 NNP O
blockade NN O
obtained VBN O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
at IN O
D2 NNP O
occupancy NN O
rates NNS O
of IN O
60 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
above RB O
does VBZ O
not RB O
appear VB O
to TO O
protect VB O
against IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
for IN O
extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
of IN O
previously RB O
treated VBN O
metastatic JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
by IN O
mitoxantrone NN O
and CC O
48 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
continuous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
and CC O
leucovorin NN O
( , O
MFL NNP O
) -RRB- O
: : O
low JJ O
palliative JJ O
benefit NN O
and CC O
high JJ O
treatment NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
previously RB O
treated VBN O
advanced JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
there EX O
is VBZ O
no DT O
standard JJ O
second JJ O
- HYPH O
line NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Combination NN O
chemotherapy NN O
with IN O
mitoxantrone NN O
, , O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
( HYPH O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
leucovorin NN O
( -LRB- O
MFL NNP O
regimen NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
as IN O
an DT O
effective JJ O
and CC O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
regimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
October NNP O
1993 CD O
to IN O
November NNP O
1995 CD O
, , O
we PRP O
treated VBD O
13 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
previously RB O
chemotherapy NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
metastatic JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
by IN O
mitoxantrone NNP O
, , O
12 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
, , O
on IN O
day NN O
1 CD O
and CC O
continuous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
, , O
3000 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
, , O
together RB O
with IN O
leucovorin NN O
, , O
300 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
, , O
for IN O
48 CD O
h NNS O
from IN O
day NN O
1 CD O
to IN O
2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Each DT O
course NN O
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
every DT O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Most JJS O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
more JJR O
than IN O
two CD O
metastatic JJ O
sites NNS O
, , O
with IN O
lung NN O
metastasis NN O
predominant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seven CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
been VBN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
anthracycline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seven CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
previously RB O
received VBN O
radiotherapy NN O
and CC O
seven CD O
had VBD O
received VBN O
hormone NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Median JJ O
number NN O
of IN O
courses NNS O
of IN O
MFL NNP O
regimen NN O
given VBN O
was VBD O
six CD O
and CC O
the DT O
median JJ O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
mitoxantrone NN O
was VBD O
68 CD O
. . O
35 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
had VBD O
complete JJ O
response NN O
, , O
seven CD O
had VBD O
stable JJ O
disease NN O
, , O
none NN O
had VBD O
partial JJ O
response NN O
and CC O
five CD O
had VBD O
progressive JJ O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
overall JJ O
objective JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
7 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
median JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
period NN O
was VBD O
14 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Median JJ O
survival NN O
was VBD O
16 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Median JJ O
progression NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
survival NN O
was VBD O
5 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
complete JJ O
responder NN O
had VBD O
relapse NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
survival NN O
up IN O
to TO O
17 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Major JJ O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
leukopenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
dead JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
; : O
two CD O
of IN O
them PRP O
died VBD O
of IN O
treatment NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
MFL NNP O
regimen NN O
achieves VBZ O
little JJ O
palliative JJ O
benefit NN O
and CC O
induces VBZ O
severe JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
at IN O
a DT O
fairly RB O
high JJ O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
this DT O
regimen NN O
to IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
been VBN O
treated VBN O
by IN O
chemotherapy NN O
and CC O
those DT O
with IN O
impaired VBN B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
requires VBZ O
careful JJ O
attention NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ticlopidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
: : O
report NN O
of IN O
three CD O
Chinese JJ O
patients NNS O
and CC O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
three CD O
Chinese JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
ticlopidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
were VBD O
reported VBN O
and CC O
another DT O
13 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
English JJ O
literature NN O
were VBD O
reviewed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
attempted VBD O
to TO O
find VB O
underlying JJ O
similarities NNS O
, , O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
, , O
and CC O
identify VB O
appropriate JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
this DT O
complication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
but IN O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
over IN O
60 CD O
years NNS O
old JJ O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
6 CD O
who WP O
died VBD O
were VBD O
all DT O
older JJR O
than IN O
65 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
old JJ O
age NN O
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
risk NN O
factor NN O
for IN O
developing VBG O
this DT O
complication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Agranulocytosis NNP B-Disease
occurred VBD O
3 CD O
- SYM O
20 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
ticlopidine NN O
, , O
so RB O
frequent JJ O
examination NN O
of IN O
white JJ O
cell NN O
count NN O
during IN O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
recommended VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
seemed VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
no DT O
direct JJ O
correlation NN O
between IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
or CC O
duration NN O
used VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
bone NN B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
suppression NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
for IN O
ticlopidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
with IN O
colony NN O
- HYPH O
stimulating VBG O
factors NNS O
seemed VBD O
to TO O
have VB O
little JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
fact NN O
that IN O
5 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
6 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
concurrent JJ O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
died VBD O
, , O
should MD O
alert VB O
clinicians NNS O
to TO O
be VB O
more RBR O
cautious JJ O
when WRB O
using VBG O
these DT O
two CD O
drugs NNS O
simultaneously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Upregulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
vasopressin NN O
gene NN O
in IN O
the DT O
paraventricular JJ O
and CC O
supraoptic JJ O
nuclei NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
arginine JJ O
vasopressin NN O
( , O
AVP NNP O
) -RRB- O
gene NN O
in IN O
the DT O
paraventricular JJ O
( , O
PVN NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
supraoptic JJ O
nuclei NN O
( , O
SON NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
lithium NN O
( , O
Li NNP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
polyuria NN B-Disease
, , O
using VBG O
in IN O
situ NN O
hybridization NN O
histochemistry NN O
and CC O
radioimmunoassay NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
male JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
consuming VBG O
a DT O
diet NN O
that WDT O
contained VBD O
LiCl NNP O
( : O
60 CD O
mmol NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
developed VBD O
marked VBN O
polyuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
Li NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
produced VBD O
a DT O
large JJ O
volume NN O
of IN O
hypotonic JJ O
urine NN O
with IN O
low JJ O
ionic JJ O
concentrations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
sodium NN O
concentrations NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
slightly RB O
increased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
Li NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
in IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
AVP NNP O
and CC O
transcripts NNS O
of IN O
AVP NNP O
gene NN O
in IN O
the DT O
PVN NNP O
and CC O
SON NNP O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
Li NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
dehydration NN B-Disease
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
the DT O
activation NN O
of IN O
visceral JJ O
afferent JJ O
inputs NNS O
may MD O
contribute VB O
to IN O
the DT O
elevation NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
AVP NN O
and CC O
the DT O
upregulation NN O
of IN O
AVP NNP O
gene NN O
expression NN O
in IN O
the DT O
PVN NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
SON NNP O
of IN O
the DT O
Li NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antinociceptive JJ O
and CC O
antiamnesic JJ O
properties NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
presynaptic JJ O
cholinergic JJ O
amplifier NN O
PG NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
antinociceptive JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
tropyl NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( , O
p NN O
- HYPH O
bromophenyl NN O
) -RRB- O
propionate NN O
[ -LRB- O
( , O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
PG NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
] -RRB- O
( , O
10 CD O
- SYM O
40 CD O
mg NN O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
; : O
30 CD O
- SYM O
60 CD O
mg NN O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
p NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
; : O
10 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
mg NN O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
; : O
10 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
mouse NN O
i PRP O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
, , O
rats NNS O
and CC O
guinea NN O
pigs NNS O
by IN O
use NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hot JJ O
- HYPH O
plate NN O
, , O
abdominal JJ O
- HYPH O
constriction NN O
, , O
tail NN O
- HYPH O
flick NN O
and CC O
paw NN O
- HYPH O
pressure NN O
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
( : O
+ NFP O
/ NFP O
- : O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
PG NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
antinociception NN O
peaked VBD O
15 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
injection NN O
and CC O
then RB O
slowly RB O
diminished VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
antinociception NN O
produced VBN O
by IN O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NN O
- HYPH O
PG NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
was VBD O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
unselective JJ O
muscarinic JJ O
antagonist NN O
atropine NN O
, , O
the DT O
M1 NNP O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
antagonists NNS O
pirenzepine NN O
and CC O
dicyclomine NN O
and CC O
the DT O
acetylcholine NN O
depletor NN O
hemicholinium NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
by IN O
the DT O
opioid JJ O
antagonist NN O
naloxone NN O
, , O
the DT O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
aminobutyric JJ O
acidB NN O
antagonist NN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
aminopropyl NN O
- HYPH O
diethoxy NN O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
phosphinic NN O
acid NN O
, , O
the DT O
H3 NN O
agonist NN O
R NNP O
- HYPH O
( , O
alpha NN O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
methylhistamine NN O
, , O
the DT O
D2 NN O
antagonist NN O
quinpirole NN O
, , O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxytryptamine4 NN O
antagonist NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
methoxy NN O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
amino NN O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
chlorobenzoic NN O
acid NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( -LRB- O
diethylamino NN O
) -RRB- O
ethyl NN O
ester NN O
hydrochloride NN O
, , O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxytryptamin1A NN O
antagonist NN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
( -LRB- O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
methoxyphenyl NN O
) : O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
phthalimido NN O
) -RRB- O
butyl NN O
] -RRB- O
piperazine NN O
hydrobromide NN O
and CC O
the DT O
polyamines NNS O
depletor NN O
reserpine VBP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
these DT O
data NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
can MD O
be VB O
postulated VBN O
that IN O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
PG NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
exerted VBD O
an DT O
antinociceptive JJ O
effect NN O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
central JJ O
potentiation NN O
of IN O
cholinergic JJ O
transmission NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
( : O
+ NFP O
/ NFP O
- : O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
PG NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
- SYM O
40 CD O
mg CD O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
able JJ O
to TO O
prevent VB O
amnesia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
( , O
1 CD O
mg NN O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
dicyclomine NN O
( : O
2 CD O
mg CD O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
mouse NN O
passive JJ O
- HYPH O
avoidance NN O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Affinity NN O
profiles NNS O
of IN O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ NFP O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
PG NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
for IN O
muscarinic JJ O
receptor NN O
subtypes NNS O
, , O
determined VBN O
by IN O
functional JJ O
studies NNS O
( , O
rabbit NN O
vas NN O
deferens NNS O
for IN O
M1 NNP O
, , O
guinea NN O
pig NN O
atrium NN O
for IN O
M2 NNP O
, , O
guinea NN O
pig NN O
ileum NN O
for IN O
M3 NN O
and CC O
immature JJ O
guinea NN O
pig NN O
uterus NN O
for IN O
putative JJ O
M4 NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
have VBP O
shown VBN O
an DT O
M4 NNP O
/ SYM O
M1 NN O
selectivity NN O
ratio NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
that WDT O
might MD O
be VB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
antinociception NN O
and CC O
the DT O
anti AFX O
- HYPH O
amnesic JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
PG NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
through IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
acetylcholine NN O
extracellular JJ O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
antinociceptive JJ O
and CC O
antiamnesic JJ O
dose NN O
range NN O
, , O
( , O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
PG NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
did VBD O
not RB O
impair VB O
mouse NN O
performance NN O
evaluated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
rota JJ O
- HYPH O
rod NN O
test NN O
and CC O
Animex NNP O
apparatus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
different JJ O
anaesthetic JJ O
agents NNS O
in IN O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
following VBG O
spinal JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
hearing VBG B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
after IN O
spinal JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
is VBZ O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Up IN O
until IN O
now RB O
, , O
the DT O
only JJ O
factor NN O
studied VBN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
diameter NN O
of IN O
the DT O
spinal JJ O
needle NN O
on IN O
post NN O
- HYPH O
operative NN O
sensorineural JJ B-Disease
hearing NN I-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
describe VB O
this DT O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
and CC O
to TO O
investigate VB O
other JJ O
factors NNS O
influencing VBG O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
groups NNS O
of IN O
22 CD O
similar JJ O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
: : O
one CD O
group NN O
received VBD O
6 CD O
mL NN O
prilocaine NN O
2 CD O
% NN O
; : O
and CC O
the DT O
other JJ O
received VBD O
3 CD O
mL NN O
bupivacaine NN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
given VBN O
prilocaine NN O
were VBD O
more RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
develop VB O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
( : O
10 CD O
out IN O
of IN O
22 CD O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
those DT O
given VBN O
bupivacaine NN O
( : O
4 CD O
out IN O
of IN O
22 CD O
) -RRB- O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
average JJ O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
for IN O
speech NN O
frequencies NNS O
was VBD O
about IN O
10 CD O
dB NN O
after IN O
prilocaine NN O
and CC O
15 CD O
dB NN O
after IN O
bupivacaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
complained VBD O
of IN O
subjective JJ O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
was VBD O
not RB O
possible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
transient JJ O
neurological JJ B-Disease
deficit NN I-Disease
following VBG O
intrathecal JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
% NN O
hyperbaric JJ O
bupivacaine NN O
for IN O
unilateral JJ O
spinal JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
transient JJ O
neurological JJ B-Disease
deficit NN I-Disease
that WDT O
occurred VBD O
after IN O
unilateral JJ O
spinal JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
with IN O
8 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
% NN O
hyperbaric JJ O
bupivacaine NN O
slowly RB O
injected VBN O
through IN O
a DT O
25 CD O
- HYPH O
gauge NN O
pencil NN O
- HYPH O
point NN O
spinal JJ O
needle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
surgery NN O
and CC O
anaesthesia NN O
were VBD O
uneventful JJ O
, , O
but CC O
3 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
surgery NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
reported VBD O
an DT O
area NN O
of IN O
hypoaesthesia NN O
over IN O
L3 NNP O
- HYPH O
L4 NN O
dermatomes NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
leg NN O
which WDT O
had VBD O
been VBN O
operated VBN O
on IN O
( , O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
pinprick NN I-Disease
sensation NN I-Disease
) , O
without IN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
muscular JJ O
strength NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sensation NN O
in IN O
this DT O
area NN O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
over IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prospective JJ O
multicentre NN O
studies NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
large JJ O
population NN O
and CC O
a DT O
long JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
should MD O
be VB O
performed VBN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
this DT O
unusual JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
we PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
solution NN O
concentration NN O
should MD O
be VB O
preferred VBN O
for IN O
unilateral JJ O
spinal JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
with IN O
a DT O
hyperbaric JJ O
anaesthetic JJ O
solution NN O
( , O
if IN O
pencil NN O
- HYPH O
point NN O
needle NN O
and CC O
slow JJ O
injection NN O
rate NN O
are VBP O
employed VBN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
minimize VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
a DT O
localized VBN O
high JJ O
peak NN O
anaesthetic JJ O
concentration NN O
, , O
which WDT O
might MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
a DT O
transient JJ O
neurological JJ B-Disease
deficit NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Transient JJ B-Disease
neurologic JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
after IN O
spinal JJ O
anesthesia NN O
: : O
a DT O
lower JJR O
incidence NN O
with IN O
prilocaine NN O
and CC O
bupivacaine NN O
than IN O
with IN O
lidocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Recent JJ O
evidence NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
transient JJ B-Disease
neurologic JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
( -LRB- O
TNSs NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
frequently RB O
follow VBP O
lidocaine NN O
spinal JJ O
anesthesia NN O
but CC O
are VBP O
infrequent JJ O
with IN O
bupivacaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
identification NN O
of IN O
a DT O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
local JJ O
anesthetic NN O
to TO O
substitute VB O
for IN O
lidocaine NN O
for IN O
brief JJ O
surgical JJ O
procedures NNS O
remains VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
goal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prilocaine NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
amide JJ O
local JJ O
anesthetic NN O
with IN O
a DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
similar JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Accordingly RB O
, , O
the DT O
present JJ O
, , O
prospective JJ O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
study NN O
compares VBZ O
prilocaine NN O
with IN O
lidocaine NN O
and CC O
bupivacaine NN O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
and CC O
relative JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
TNSs NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Ninety CD O
patients NNS O
classified VBN O
as IN O
American NNP O
Society NNP O
of IN O
Anesthesiologists NNP O
physical JJ O
status NN O
I PRP O
or CC O
II NNP O
who WP O
were VBD O
scheduled VBN O
for IN O
short JJ O
gynecologic JJ O
procedures NNS O
under IN O
spinal JJ O
anesthesia NN O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
allocated VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
ml CD O
2 CD O
% NN O
lidocaine NN O
in IN O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
glucose NN O
, , O
2 CD O
% NN O
prilocaine NN O
in IN O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
glucose NN O
, , O
or CC O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
bupivacaine NN O
in IN O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
glucose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
solutions NNS O
were VBD O
provided VBN O
in IN O
blinded VBN O
vials NNS O
by IN O
the DT O
hospital NN O
pharmacy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Details NNS O
of IN O
spinal JJ O
puncture NN O
, , O
extension NN O
and CC O
regression NN O
of IN O
spinal JJ O
block NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
times NNS O
to TO O
reach VB O
discharge NN O
criteria NNS O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
evening NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ O
day NN O
1 CD O
, , O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
for IN O
TNSs NNP B-Disease
by IN O
a DT O
physician NN O
unaware JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
administered VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
details NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
anesthetic JJ O
procedure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Nine CD O
of IN O
30 CD O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
lidocaine NN O
experienced VBD O
TNSs NNP B-Disease
, , O
1 CD O
of IN O
30 CD O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
prilocaine NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
them PRP O
, , O
and CC O
none NN O
of IN O
30 CD O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
bupivacaine NN O
had VBD O
TNSs NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Times NNS O
to TO O
ambulate VB O
and CC O
to TO O
void VB O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
after IN O
lidocaine NN O
and CC O
prilocaine NN O
( , O
150 CD O
vs FW O
. . O
165 CD O
min CD O
and CC O
238 CD O
vs NNS O
. . O
253 CD O
min NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
but CC O
prolonged VBN O
after IN O
bupivacaine NN O
( : O
200 CD O
and CC O
299 CD O
min CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
; : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Prilocaine NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
preferable JJ O
to IN O
lidocaine NN O
for IN O
short JJ O
surgical JJ O
procedures NNS O
because IN O
it PRP O
has VBZ O
a DT O
similar JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
but CC O
a DT O
lower JJR O
incidence NN O
of IN O
TNSs NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Suxamethonium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
and CC O
death NN B-Disease
following VBG O
5 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
immobilization NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
report NN O
describes VBZ O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
and CC O
subsequent JJ O
death NN B-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
hyperkalaemia NN B-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
suxamethonium NN O
in IN O
a DT O
23 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
Malawian JJ O
woman NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
the DT O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
meningitis NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
aspirated VBD O
stomach NN O
contents NNS O
and CC O
needed VBD O
endotracheal JJ O
intubation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
seconds NNS O
after IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
suxamethonium NN O
, , O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
and CC O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Attempts NNS O
to TO O
resuscitate VB O
the DT O
patient NN O
were VBD O
not RB O
successful JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
serum NN O
level NN O
of IN O
potassium NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
8 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
mequiv NN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Apart RB O
from IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
level NN O
of IN O
consciousness NN O
, , O
there EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
signs NNS O
of IN O
motor NN O
neurone NN O
damage NN O
or CC O
of IN O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
known VBN O
predisposing VBG O
conditions NNS O
for IN O
hyperkalaemia NN B-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
suxamethonium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
postulated VBN O
that IN O
her PRP$ O
death NN B-Disease
was VBD O
caused VBN O
by IN O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
to IN O
suxamethonium NN O
, , O
associated VBN O
with IN O
her PRP$ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
immobilization NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
, , O
autoimmune JJ B-Disease
hemolytic JJ I-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
erythroblastocytopenia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
ceftriaxone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
80 CD O
- HYPH O
yr NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
developed VBD O
acute JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
shortly RB O
after IN O
ingesting VBG O
oral JJ O
ceftriaxone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
transaminases NNS O
gradually RB O
returned VBD O
to IN O
baseline NN O
after IN O
withholding VBG O
the DT O
beta JJ O
lactam NN O
antibiotic NN O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
gradual JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
bilirubin NN O
and CC O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
hemoglobin NN O
concentration NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
an DT O
autoimmune JJ B-Disease
hemolytic JJ I-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
and CC O
erythroblastocytopenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
responded VBD O
to IN O
systemic JJ O
steroids NNS O
and CC O
immunoglobulins NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
the DT O
widespread JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
these DT O
agents NNS O
this DT O
triad NN O
of IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
has VBZ O
not RB O
previously RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
connection NN O
with IN O
beta JJ O
lactam NN O
antibiotics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thyroxine NN O
abuse NN O
: : O
an DT O
unusual JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
thyrotoxicosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
pregnancy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eating VBG B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
associated VBN O
behavioural JJ O
problems NNS O
and CC O
drug NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
are VBP O
uncommon JJ O
in IN O
pregnancy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
they PRP O
do VBP O
occur VB O
they PRP O
are VBP O
often RB O
unrecognized JJ O
because IN O
of IN O
denial NN O
but CC O
when WRB O
significant JJ O
may MD O
pose VB O
a DT O
risk NN O
to IN O
both CC O
the DT O
mother NN O
and CC O
her PRP$ O
fetus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
illustrates VBZ O
a DT O
number NN O
of IN O
problems NNS O
that WDT O
may MD O
be VB O
encountered VBN O
in IN O
women NNS O
with IN O
eating NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
in IN O
pregnancy NN O
, , O
including VBG O
prolonged VBN O
and CC O
recurrent JJ O
metabolic JJ O
disturbances NNS O
and CC O
diuretic JJ O
abuse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
particular JJ O
it PRP O
illustrates VBZ O
the DT O
derangements NNS O
of IN O
thyroid NN O
function NN O
seen VBN O
in IN O
pregnant JJ O
women NNS O
with IN O
eating NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
and CC O
reminds VBZ O
us PRP O
that IN O
when WRB O
a DT O
cause NN O
for IN O
thyrotoxicosis NN B-Disease
remains VBZ O
obscure JJ O
, , O
thyroxine NN O
abuse NN O
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
and CC O
explored VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Repeated VBN O
trimipramine NN O
induces VBZ O
dopamine NN O
D2 NN O
/ SYM O
D3 NN O
and CC O
alpha1 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic NN O
up IN O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Trimipramine NNP O
( -LRB- O
TRI NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
which WDT O
shows VBZ O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
antidepressant JJ O
activity NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
chemically RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
imipramine NN O
but CC O
does VBZ O
not RB O
inhibit VB O
the DT O
reuptake NN O
of IN O
noradrenaline NN O
and CC O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxytryptamine NN O
, , O
nor CC O
does VBZ O
it PRP O
induce VB O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
down IN O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
antidepressant JJ O
activity NN O
is VBZ O
still RB O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
find VB O
out RP O
whether IN O
TRI NNP O
given VBN O
repeatedly RB O
was VBD O
able JJ O
to TO O
induce VB O
adaptive JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
dopaminergic JJ O
and CC O
alpha1 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
systems NNS O
, , O
demonstrated VBN O
by IN O
us PRP O
previously RB O
for IN O
various JJ O
antidepressants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TRI NNP O
was VBD O
given VBN O
to IN O
male JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
and CC O
male JJ O
Albino NNP O
Swiss NNP O
mice NNS O
perorally RB O
twice RB O
daily RB O
for IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
experiment NN O
TRI NNP O
( , O
given VBN O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
does VBZ O
not RB O
antagonize VB O
the DT O
reserpine JJ O
hypothermia NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
and CC O
does VBZ O
not RB O
potentiate VB O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxytryptophan NN O
head NN O
twitches NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TRI NNP O
given VBN O
repeatedly RB O
to IN O
rats NNS O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
locomotor NN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
d VBN O
- HYPH O
amphetamine NN O
, , O
quinpirole NN O
and CC O
( , O
+ CC O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
dipropyloaminotetralin NN O
( : O
dopamine NN O
D2 NN O
and CC O
D3 NN O
effects NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
stereotypies NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
d VBN O
- HYPH O
amphetamine NN O
or CC O
apomorphine NN O
are VBP O
not RB O
potentiated VBN O
by IN O
TRI NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
behaviour NN O
stimulation NN O
evoked VBN O
by IN O
phenylephrine NN O
( , O
given VBN O
intraventricularly RB O
) , O
in IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
open JJ O
field NN O
test NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
the DT O
aggressiveness NN B-Disease
evoked VBN O
by IN O
clonidine NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
, , O
both CC O
these DT O
effects NNS O
being VBG O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
an DT O
alpha1 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
receptor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
may MD O
be VB O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
, , O
like IN O
other JJ O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressants NNS O
studied VBN O
previously RB O
, , O
TRI NNP O
given VBN O
repeatedly RB O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
responsiveness NN O
of IN O
brain NN O
dopamine NN O
D2 NN O
and CC O
D3 NN O
( , O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
but CC O
not RB O
stereotypy NN O
) , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
alpha1 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
receptors NNS O
to IN O
their PRP$ O
agonists NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
question NN O
arises VBZ O
whether IN O
the DT O
reuptake JJ O
inhibition NN O
is VBZ O
of IN O
any DT O
importance NN O
to IN O
the DT O
adaptive JJ O
changes NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
repeated VBN O
antidepressants NNS O
, , O
suggested VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
antidepressant JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pethidine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
healthy JJ O
adolescent NN O
receiving VBG O
pethidine NN O
for IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
healthy JJ O
17 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male NN O
received VBD O
standard JJ O
intermittent JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
pethidine NN O
via IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
analgesia NN O
( -LRB- O
PCA NN O
) -RRB- O
pump NN O
for IN O
management NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
h NNS O
postoperatively RB O
he PRP O
developed VBD O
a DT O
brief JJ O
self NN O
- HYPH O
limited JJ O
seizure NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
plasma NN O
pethidine NN O
and CC O
norpethidine NN O
were VBD O
elevated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
range NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
manifestations NNS O
of IN O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
excitation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
other JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
for IN O
CNS NNP O
toxicity NN B-Disease
were VBD O
identified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
method NN O
allowed VBD O
frequent JJ O
self NN O
- HYPH O
dosing NN O
of IN O
pethidine NN O
at IN O
short JJ O
time NN O
intervals NNS O
and CC O
rapid JJ O
accumulation NN O
of IN O
pethidine NN O
and CC O
norpethidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
routine JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
pethidine NN O
via IN O
PCA NNP O
even RB O
for IN O
a DT O
brief JJ O
postoperative JJ O
analgesia NN O
should MD O
be VB O
reconsidered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
unusual JJ O
toxic JJ O
reaction NN O
to IN O
axillary NN O
block NN O
by IN O
mepivacaine NN O
with IN O
adrenaline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
increase NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
, , O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
, , O
agitation NN B-Disease
, , O
incomprehensible JJ B-Disease
shouts NNS I-Disease
and CC O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
consciousness NN I-Disease
, , O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
an DT O
elderly JJ O
, , O
ASA NNP O
classification NN O
group NN O
II NNP O
, , O
cardiovascularly RB O
medicated VBN O
male JJ O
, , O
12 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
performance NN O
of IN O
axillary JJ O
block NN O
with IN O
mepivacaine NN O
850 CD O
mg NN O
containing VBG O
adrenaline NN O
0 CD O
. . O
225 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
for IN O
correction NN O
of IN O
Dupuytren NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
contracture NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
labetalol NN O
, , O
metoprolol NN O
and CC O
midazolam NN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NN O
condition NN O
improved VBD O
, , O
and CC O
15 CD O
min NN O
later RB O
he PRP O
woke VBD O
up RP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
block NN O
was VBD O
successful JJ O
and CC O
surgery NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
as IN O
scheduled VBN O
despite IN O
persisting VBG O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postoperatively RB O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
refused VBD O
DC NNP O
cardioversion NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
medically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both CC O
the DT O
temporal JJ O
relationship NN O
of IN O
events NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
response NN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
a DT O
rapid JJ O
systemic JJ O
absorption NN O
of IN O
mepivacaine NN O
with IN O
adrenaline NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
interaction NN O
of IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
cardiovascular JJ O
medications NNS O
were VBD O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
perioperative JJ O
complications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drug NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
acute JJ O
- HYPH O
onset NN O
vanishing VBG B-Disease
bile NN I-Disease
duct NN I-Disease
and CC O
Stevens NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Johnson NNP I-Disease
syndromes NNS I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
child NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
vanishing VBG B-Disease
bile NN I-Disease
duct NN I-Disease
syndrome NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
but CC O
established VBN O
cause NN O
of IN O
progressive JJ O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
in IN O
adults NNS O
, , O
is VBZ O
most RBS O
often RB O
drug NN O
or CC O
toxin NN O
related VBN O
, , O
and CC O
is VBZ O
of IN O
unknown JJ O
pathogenesis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
previously RB O
in IN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Stevens NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Johnson NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
well RB O
- HYPH O
recognized VBN O
immune JJ O
complex NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
reaction NN O
that WDT O
affects VBZ O
all DT O
age NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
is VBZ O
drug NN O
or CC O
infection NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
, , O
and CC O
has VBZ O
classic JJ O
systemic JJ O
, , O
mucosal JJ O
, , O
and CC O
dermatologic JJ O
manifestations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
previously RB O
healthy JJ O
child NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
acute JJ O
, , O
severe JJ O
, , O
rapidly RB O
progressive JJ O
vanishing VBG B-Disease
bile NN I-Disease
duct NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
shortly RB O
after IN O
Stevens NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Johnson NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
described VBN O
; : O
this DT O
was VBD O
temporally RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
ibuprofen NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
ursodeoxycholic JJ O
acid NN O
, , O
prednisone NN O
, , O
and CC O
then RB O
tacrolimus NN O
, , O
her PRP$ O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
was VBD O
unrelenting JJ O
, , O
with IN O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
shown VBN O
by IN O
biopsy NN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
presentation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
documents VBZ O
acute JJ O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
vanishing VBG B-Disease
bile NN I-Disease
duct NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
pediatric JJ O
age NN O
group NN O
and CC O
suggests VBZ O
shared VBN O
immune JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
both CC O
Stevens NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Johnson NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
vanishing VBG B-Disease
bile NN I-Disease
duct NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
primary JJ B-Disease
pulmonary JJ I-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
appetite NN O
suppressants NNS O
in IN O
Belgium NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Primary JJ B-Disease
pulmonary JJ I-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
, , O
progressive JJ O
and CC O
incurable JJ O
disease NN O
, , O
which WDT O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
intake NN O
of IN O
appetite NN O
suppressant NN O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
importance NN O
of IN O
this DT O
association NN O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
Belgium NNP O
while IN O
this DT O
country NN O
still RB O
had VBD O
no DT O
restriction NN O
on IN O
the DT O
prescription NN O
of IN O
appetite NN O
suppressants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
primary JJ B-Disease
pulmonary JJ I-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
and CC O
85 CD O
matched VBD O
controls NNS O
were VBD O
recruited VBN O
over IN O
32 CD O
months NNS O
( , O
1992 CD O
- SYM O
1994 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
Belgium NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Exposure NN O
to IN O
appetite NN O
- HYPH O
suppressants NNS O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
basis NN O
of IN O
hospital NN O
records NNS O
and CC O
standardized VBN O
interview NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
previously RB O
taken VBN O
appetite NN O
suppressants NNS O
, , O
mainly RB O
fenfluramines NNS O
, , O
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
only RB O
5 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
controls NNS O
( : O
66 CD O
versus IN O
6 CD O
% NN O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
patients NNS O
died VBD O
before IN O
the DT O
interview NN O
, , O
all DT O
of IN O
them PRP O
had VBD O
taken VBN O
appetite NN O
suppressants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
8 CD O
patients NNS O
the DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
primary JJ B-Disease
pulmonary JJ I-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
was VBD O
uncertain JJ O
, , O
5 CD O
of IN O
them PRP O
had VBD O
taken VBN O
appetite NN O
suppressants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
appetite NN O
suppressants NNS O
tended VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
on IN O
average JJ O
more RBR O
severely RB O
ill JJ O
, , O
and CC O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
shorter JJR O
median JJ O
delay NN O
between IN O
onset NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
diagnosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
policy NN O
of IN O
unrestricted JJ O
prescription NN O
of IN O
appetite NN O
suppressants NNS O
may MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
associated JJ O
primary JJ B-Disease
pulmonary JJ I-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intake NN O
of IN O
appetite NN O
suppressants NNS O
may MD O
accelerate VB O
the DT O
progression NN O
of IN O
the DT O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Inappropriate JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
carbamazepine NN O
and CC O
vigabatrin NN O
in IN O
typical JJ O
absence NN B-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carbamazepine NN O
and CC O
vigabatrin NN O
are VBP O
contraindicated VBN O
in IN O
typical JJ O
absence NN B-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
18 CD O
consecutive JJ O
referrals NNS O
of IN O
children NNS O
with IN O
resistant JJ O
typical JJ O
absences NNS O
only RB O
, , O
eight CD O
were VBD O
erroneously RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
carbamazepine NN O
either CC O
as IN O
monotherapy NN O
or CC O
as IN O
an DT O
add NN O
- HYPH O
on NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vigabatrin NNP O
was VBD O
also RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
two CD O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Frequency NN O
of IN O
absences NNS O
increased VBD O
in IN O
four CD O
children NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
carbamazepine NN O
and CC O
two CD O
of IN O
these DT O
developed VBN O
myoclonic JJ B-Disease
jerks NNS I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
resolved VBD O
on IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
carbamazepine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Absences NNS O
were VBD O
aggravated VBN O
in IN O
both DT O
cases NNS O
where WRB O
vigabatrin NN O
was VBD O
added VBN O
on IN O
to IN O
concurrent JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Optimal JJ O
control NN O
of IN O
the DT O
absences NNS O
was VBD O
achieved VBN O
with IN O
sodium NN O
valproate NN O
, , O
lamotrigine NN O
, , O
or CC O
ethosuximide NN O
alone RB O
or CC O
in IN O
combination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Choreoathetoid NN B-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
rapid JJ O
adjustment NN O
to IN O
methadone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Choreatiform NN B-Disease
hyperkinesias NNS I-Disease
are VBP O
known VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
occasional JJ O
movement NN B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
during IN O
intoxications NNS O
with IN O
cocaine NN O
but CC O
not RB O
opiates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
of IN O
euphoria NN O
and CC O
choreoathetoid NN B-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
both CC O
transiently RB O
induced VBN O
by IN O
rapid JJ O
adjustment NN O
to IN O
the DT O
selective JJ O
mu NN O
- HYPH O
opioid JJ O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
methadone NN O
in IN O
an DT O
inpatient NN O
previously RB O
abusing VBG O
heroine NN O
and CC O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
minor JJ O
EEG NNP O
abnormalities NNS O
occurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
underlying JJ O
neurobiological JJ O
phenomena NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
atypical JJ O
antipsychotics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Collaborative NNP O
Working NNP O
Group NNP O
on IN O
Clinical NNP O
Trial NNP O
Evaluations NNPS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
antipsychotics NNS O
often RB O
lead VBP O
to IN O
noncompliance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
clinicians NNS O
should MD O
address VB O
patients NNS O
' POS O
concerns NNS O
about IN O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
and CC O
attempt VB O
to TO O
choose VB O
medications NNS O
that WDT O
will MD O
improve VB O
their PRP$ O
patients NNS O
' POS O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
overall JJ O
health NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
profiles NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
atypical JJ O
antipsychotics NNS O
are VBP O
more RBR O
advantageous JJ O
than IN O
those DT O
of IN O
the DT O
conventional JJ O
neuroleptics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conventional JJ O
agents NNS O
are VBP O
associated VBN O
with IN O
unwanted JJ O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
effects NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
( , O
EPS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
tardive NN B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
, , O
sedation NN O
, , O
and CC O
possible JJ O
impairment NN O
of IN O
some DT O
cognitive JJ O
measures NNS O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
cardiac JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
orthostatic JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
, , O
hepatic JJ O
changes NNS O
, , O
anticholinergic JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
, , O
sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
weight NN B-Disease
gain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
newer JJR O
atypical JJ O
agents NNS O
have VBP O
a DT O
lower JJR O
risk NN O
of IN O
EPS NNP B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
are VBP O
associated VBN O
in IN O
varying VBG O
degrees NNS O
with IN O
sedation NN O
, , O
cardiovascular JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
anticholinergic JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
weight NN B-Disease
gain NN I-Disease
, , O
sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
, , O
hepatic JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
lowered VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
threshold NN O
( , O
primarily RB O
clozapine NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
agranulocytosis NN B-Disease
( , O
clozapine NN O
only RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
specific JJ O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
differ VBP O
among IN O
the DT O
various JJ O
atypicals NNS O
, , O
the DT O
clinician NN O
should MD O
carefully RB O
consider VB O
which WDT O
side NN O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
most RBS O
likely JJ O
to TO O
lead VB O
to IN O
the DT O
individual JJ O
' '' O
s POS O
dissatisfaction NN O
and CC O
noncompliance NN O
before IN O
choosing VBG O
an DT O
antipsychotic NN O
for IN O
a DT O
particular JJ O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
randomized VBN O
, , O
placebo RB O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
comparison NN O
trial NN O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
for IN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
disruptive JJ B-Disease
behaviors NNS I-Disease
in IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
goal NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
compare VB O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
two CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
disruptive JJ B-Disease
behaviors NNS I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
In IN O
a DT O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
random JJ O
- HYPH O
assignment NN O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
( , O
phase NN O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
haloperidol NN O
, , O
2 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
( , O
standard JJ O
dose NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
50 CD O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
( HYPH O
low JJ O
dose NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
in IN O
71 CD O
outpatients NNS O
with IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
the DT O
subsequent JJ O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
crossover NN O
phase NN O
( , O
phase NN O
B NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
patients NNS O
taking VBG O
standard JJ O
- HYPH O
or CC O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
haloperidol NN O
were VBD O
switched VBN O
to IN O
placebo NN O
, , O
and CC O
patients NNS O
taking VBG O
placebo NN O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
standard JJ O
- HYPH O
or CC O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
haloperidol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
For IN O
the DT O
60 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
completed VBD O
phase NN O
A NN O
, , O
standard JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
haloperidol NN O
was VBD O
efficacious JJ O
and CC O
superior JJ O
to IN O
both DT O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
haloperidol NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
for IN O
scores NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
Brief NNP O
Psychiatric NNP O
Rating NNP O
Scale NNP O
psychosis NN B-Disease
factor NN O
and CC O
on IN O
psychomotor NN B-Disease
agitation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Response NN O
rates NNS O
according VBG O
to IN O
three CD O
sets NNS O
of IN O
criteria NNS O
were VBD O
greater JJR O
with IN O
the DT O
standard JJ O
dose NN O
( : O
55 CD O
% NN O
- SYM O
60 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
the DT O
low JJ O
dose NN O
( : O
25 CD O
% NN O
- SYM O
35 CD O
% NN O
) SYM O
and CC O
placebo NN O
( : O
25 CD O
% NN O
- SYM O
30 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
advantage NN O
of IN O
standard JJ O
dose NN O
over IN O
low JJ O
dose NN O
was VBD O
replicated VBN O
in IN O
phase NN O
B NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
phase NN O
A NN O
, , O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
signs NNS I-Disease
tended VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
greater JJR O
with IN O
the DT O
standard JJ O
dose NN O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
two CD O
conditions NNS O
, , O
primarily RB O
because IN O
of IN O
a DT O
subgroup NN O
( : O
20 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
who WP O
developed VBD O
moderate JJ O
to IN O
severe JJ O
signs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
haloperidol NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
from IN O
placebo NN O
on IN O
any DT O
measure NN O
of IN O
efficacy NN O
or CC O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
results NNS O
indicated VBD O
a DT O
favorable JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
profile NN O
for IN O
haloperidol NN O
in IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
2 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
, , O
although IN O
a DT O
subgroup NN O
developed VBD O
moderate JJ O
to IN O
severe JJ O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
signs NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
starting VBG O
dose NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
with IN O
gradual JJ O
, , O
upward JJ O
dose NN O
titration NN O
is VBZ O
recommended VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
narrow JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
window NN O
observed VBN O
with IN O
haloperidol NN O
may MD O
also RB O
apply VB O
to IN O
other JJ O
neuroleptics NNS O
used VBN O
in IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
disruptive JJ B-Disease
behaviors NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
acetylsalicylic NN O
acid NN O
, , O
dipyridamole NN O
, , O
and CC O
hydrocortisone NN O
on IN O
epinephrine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
reproducible JJ O
model NN O
for IN O
producing VBG O
diffuse JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
( , O
epinephrine NN O
infusion NN O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
developed VBN O
to TO O
study VB O
the DT O
cardioprotective JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
agents NNS O
or CC O
maneuvers NNS O
which WDT O
might MD O
alter VB O
the DT O
evolution NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Infusions NNS O
of IN O
epinephrine NN O
( : O
4 CD O
mug NN O
per IN O
kilogram NN O
per IN O
minute NN O
for IN O
6 CD O
hours NNS O
) , O
increased VBD O
radiocalcium NN O
uptakes NNS O
into IN O
intact JJ O
myocardium NN O
and CC O
each DT O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
subcellular JJ O
components NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
mitochondrial JJ O
fraction NN O
showing VBG O
the DT O
most RBS O
consistent JJ O
changes NNS O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
to IN O
saline NN O
- HYPH O
infused VBN O
control NN O
animals NNS O
( , O
4 CD O
, , O
957 CD O
vs IN O
. , O
827 CD O
counts NNS O
per IN O
minute NN O
per IN O
gram NN O
of IN O
dried VBN O
tissue NN O
or CC O
fraction NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myocardial JJ O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
calcium NN O
also RB O
increased VBD O
significantly RB O
( : O
12 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
5 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
per IN O
100 CD O
Gm NN O
. . O
of IN O
fat NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
dry JJ O
weight NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Infusions NNS O
of IN O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
sufficient JJ O
to TO O
raise VB O
serum JJ O
calcium NN O
concentrations NNS O
2 CD O
mEq NNS O
. . O
per IN O
liter NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
increase VB O
calcium NN O
influx NN O
into IN O
the DT O
myocardial JJ O
cell NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mitochondrial JJ O
radiocalcium NN O
uptakes NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
acetylsalicylic JJ O
acid NN O
or CC O
dipyridamole NN O
or CC O
when WRB O
hydrocortisone NN O
was VBD O
added VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
epinephrine NN O
infusion NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
, , O
682 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
803 CD O
, , O
and CC O
3 CD O
, , O
424 CD O
counts NNS O
per IN O
minute NN O
per IN O
gram NN O
of IN O
dried VBN O
fraction NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myocardial JJ O
calcium NN O
concentrations NNS O
also RB O
were VBD O
decreased VBN O
( SYM O
11 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
, , O
and CC O
8 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
per IN O
100 CD O
Gm NN O
. . O
of IN O
fat NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
dry JJ O
weight NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
three CD O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
being VBG O
significantly RB O
decreased VBN O
only RB O
in IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
two CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Evidence NN O
of IN O
microscopic JJ O
damage NN O
was VBD O
graded VBN O
as IN O
less RBR O
severe JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
three CD O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acetylsalicylic NN O
acid NN O
, , O
dipyridamole NN O
, , O
and CC O
hydrocortisone NN O
all DT O
appear VBP O
to TO O
have VB O
cardioprotective JJ O
effects NNS O
when WRB O
tested VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
and CC O
histopathologic JJ O
examination NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
allografts NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
tacrolimus NN O
( , O
FK506 CD O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
one CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
We PRP O
clinically RB O
and CC O
pathologically RB O
analyzed VBD O
renal JJ O
allografts NNS O
from IN O
1 CD O
9 CD O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
tacrolimus NN O
( -LRB- O
FK506 NNP O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
renal JJ O
allograft NN O
biopsy NN O
specimens NNS O
from IN O
1 CD O
9 CD O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
transplantations NNS O
between IN O
1991 CD O
and CC O
1993 CD O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirteen CD O
biopsies NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
from IN O
stable JJ O
functioning NN O
renal JJ O
allografts NNS O
with IN O
informed JJ O
consent NN O
( -LRB- O
nonepisode NN O
biopsy NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
other JJ O
13 CD O
were VBD O
from IN O
dysfunctional JJ O
renal JJ O
allografts NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
indication NN O
for IN O
biopsy NN O
( , O
episode NN O
biopsy NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
main JJ O
pathologic JJ O
diagnoses NNS O
( , O
some DT O
overlap NN O
) , O
were VBD O
acute JJ O
rejection NN O
( , O
AR NN O
; : O
n NN O
= SYM O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
chronic JJ O
rejection NN O
( , O
CR NN O
; : O
n NN O
= SYM O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
AR NN O
+ CC O
CR NN O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
recurrent JJ O
IgA NN B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
normal JJ O
findings NNS O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
minimal JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
chronic JJ O
FK506 NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
mild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
FK506 NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
11 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
nonepisode JJ O
biopsies NNS O
, , O
7 CD O
and CC O
4 CD O
biopsies NNS O
showed VBD O
minimal JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
and CC O
mild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
chronic JJ O
FK506 NNP O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ O
FK506 NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
consisted VBD O
of IN O
rough JJ O
and CC O
foamy JJ O
tubular JJ O
vacuolization NN O
( , O
5 CD O
biopsies NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
arteriolopathy NN O
( , O
angiodegeneration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
arteriolar JJ O
wall NN O
; : O
20 CD O
biopsies NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
focal JJ B-Disease
segmental JJ I-Disease
glomerulosclerosis NN I-Disease
( , O
4 CD O
biopsies NNS O
) , O
and CC O
the DT O
striped VBN O
form NN O
of IN O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
fibrosis NN I-Disease
( , O
11 CD O
biopsies NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
mild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
chronic JJ O
FK506 NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
group NN O
, , O
which WDT O
included VBD O
7 CD O
episode NN O
biopsies NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
statistically RB O
higher JJR O
than IN O
those DT O
in IN O
the DT O
minimum JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
chronic JJ O
FK506 NN O
- HYPH O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
group NN O
( : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
demonstrates VBZ O
that IN O
chronic JJ O
FK506 NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
consists VBZ O
primarily RB O
of IN O
arteriolopathy NN O
manifesting VBG O
as IN O
insudative JJ O
hyalinosis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
arteriolar JJ O
wall NN O
, , O
and CC O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
mild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
chronic JJ O
FK506 NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
condition NN O
which WDT O
may MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
deterioration NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
allograft NN O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Different JJ O
lobular JJ O
distributions NNS O
of IN O
altered VBN O
hepatocyte NN O
tight NN O
junctions NNS O
in IN O
rat NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
intrahepatic JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
extrahepatic JJ I-Disease
cholestasis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatocyte NN O
tight NN O
junctions NNS O
( -LRB- O
TJs NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
only JJ O
intercellular JJ O
barrier NN O
between IN O
the DT O
sinusoidal NN O
and CC O
the DT O
canalicular JJ O
spaces NNS O
, , O
play VBP O
a DT O
key JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
bile NN O
formation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
hepatocyte NN O
TJs NNS O
are VBP O
impaired VBN O
in IN O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
, , O
attempts NNS O
to TO O
localize VB O
the DT O
precise JJ O
site NN O
of IN O
hepatocyte NN O
TJ NNP O
damage NN O
by IN O
freeze NN O
- HYPH O
fracture NN O
electron NN O
microscopy NN O
have VBP O
produced VBN O
limited JJ O
information NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recently RB O
, , O
several JJ O
TJ NNP O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
proteins NNS O
like IN O
ZO NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
and CC O
7H6 CD O
have VBP O
been VBN O
identified VBN O
and CC O
characterized VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunolocalization NN O
of IN O
7H6 NNP O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
closely RB O
correlate VB O
with IN O
paracellular JJ O
permeability NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
used VBD O
rat NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
intrahepatic JJ B-Disease
cholestasis NN I-Disease
by IN O
ethinyl NN O
estradiol NN O
( -LRB- O
EE NN O
) -RRB- O
treatment NN O
and CC O
extrahepatic JJ B-Disease
cholestasis NN I-Disease
by IN O
bile NN O
duct NN O
ligation NN O
( , O
BDL NNP O
) -RRB- O
to TO O
precisely RB O
determine VB O
the DT O
site NN O
of IN O
TJ NNP O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Alterations NNS O
in IN O
hepatocyte NN O
TJs NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
immunolabeling NN O
for IN O
7H6 CD O
and CC O
ZO NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
using VBG O
a DT O
confocal JJ O
laser NN O
scanning NN O
microscope NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
control NN O
rats NNS O
, , O
immunostaining NN O
for IN O
7H6 CD O
and CC O
ZO NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
colocalized VBN O
to TO O
outline VB O
bile NN O
canaliculi NN O
in IN O
a DT O
continuous JJ O
fashion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
7H6 CD O
and CC O
ZO NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
immunostaining NN O
was VBD O
more RBR O
discontinuous JJ O
, , O
outlining VBG O
the DT O
bile NN O
canaliculi NN O
after IN O
BDL NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunostaining NN O
for IN O
7H6 CD O
, , O
not RB O
ZO NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
decreased VBD O
and CC O
predominantly RB O
appeared VBD O
as IN O
discrete JJ O
signals NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
submembranous JJ O
cytoplasm NN O
of IN O
periportal JJ O
hepatocytes NNS O
after IN O
BDL NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
EE NNP O
treatment NN O
, , O
changes NNS O
in IN O
immunostaining NN O
for IN O
7H6 CD O
and CC O
ZO NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
seen VBN O
in IN O
periportal JJ O
hepatocytes NNS O
after IN O
BDL NNP O
, , O
but CC O
distributed VBD O
more RBR O
diffusely RB O
throughout IN O
the DT O
lobule NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
to TO O
demonstrate VB O
that IN O
impairment NN O
of IN O
hepatocyte NN O
TJs NNS O
occurs VBZ O
heterogenously RB O
in IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
lobule NN O
after IN O
BDL NNP O
and CC O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
BDL NNP O
and CC O
EE NNP O
treatments NNS O
produce VBP O
different JJ O
lobular JJ O
distributions NNS O
of IN O
increased VBN O
paracellular JJ O
permeability NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Memory NN O
facilitation NN O
and CC O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
endogenous JJ O
nerve JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
synthesis NN O
by IN O
the DT O
acetylcholine NN O
releaser NN O
PG NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
PG NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
( , O
3alpha NN O
- HYPH O
tropyl NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( , O
p NN O
- HYPH O
bromophenyl NN O
) -RRB- O
propionate NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
acetylcholine NN O
releaser NN O
, , O
on IN O
memory NN O
processes NNS O
and CC O
nerve JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
( , O
NGF NNP O
) -RRB- O
synthesis NN O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
mouse NN O
passive JJ O
- HYPH O
avoidance NN O
test NN O
, , O
PG NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
administered VBN O
20 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
the DT O
training NN O
session NN O
, , O
prevented VBD O
amnesia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
both CC O
the DT O
non AFX O
selective JJ O
antimuscarinic JJ O
drug NN O
scopolamine NN O
and CC O
the DT O
M1 NNP O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
antagonist NN O
S NNP O
- HYPH O
( : O
- : O
) -RRB- O
- : O
ET NNP O
- HYPH O
126 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
experimental JJ O
conditions NNS O
, , O
PG NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
( SYM O
5 CD O
- SYM O
20 CD O
microg NN O
per IN O
mouse NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
also RB O
able JJ O
to TO O
prevent VB O
antimuscarine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
, , O
demonstrating VBG O
a DT O
central JJ O
localization NN O
of IN O
the DT O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
highest JJS O
effective JJ O
doses NNS O
, , O
PG NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
did VBD O
not RB O
produce VB O
any DT O
collateral JJ O
symptoms NNS O
as IN O
revealed VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
Irwin NNP O
test NN O
, , O
and CC O
it PRP O
did VBD O
not RB O
modify VB O
spontaneous JJ O
motility NN O
and CC O
inspection NN O
activity NN O
, , O
as IN O
revealed VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
hole NN O
- HYPH O
board NN O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PG NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
was VBD O
also RB O
able JJ O
to TO O
increase VB O
the DT O
amount NN O
of IN O
NGF NNP O
secreted VBN O
in IN O
vitro NN O
by IN O
astrocytes NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
maximal JJ O
NGF NNP O
contents NNS O
obtained VBN O
by IN O
PG NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
were VBD O
17 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
of IN O
the DT O
control NN O
value NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
culture NN O
, , O
no DT O
morphological JJ O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
at IN O
effective JJ O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
PG NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
current JJ O
work NN O
indicates VBZ O
the DT O
ability NN O
of IN O
PG NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
to TO O
induce VB O
beneficial JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
cognitive JJ O
processes NNS O
and CC O
stimulate VB O
activity NN O
of IN O
NGF NNP O
synthesis NN O
in IN O
astroglial JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
PG NNP O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
could MD O
represent VB O
a DT O
potential JJ O
useful JJ O
drug NN O
able JJ O
to TO O
improve VB O
the DT O
function NN O
of IN O
impaired VBN O
cognitive JJ O
processes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
FK NNP O
506 CD O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
- : O
Tacrolimus NNP O
( : O
FK NNP O
506 CD O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
powerful JJ O
, , O
widely RB O
used JJ O
immunosuppressant NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinical JJ O
utility NN O
of IN O
FK NNP O
506 CD O
is VBZ O
complicated VBN O
by IN O
substantial JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
and CC O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
clarify VB O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
FK NNP O
506 CD O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
studied VBD O
the DT O
chronic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
FK NNP O
506 CD O
on IN O
the DT O
synthesis NN O
of IN O
endothelin NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
( , O
ET NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
mRNA NN O
of IN O
ET NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
and CC O
endothelin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
( HYPH O
ECE NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
endothelial JJ O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
synthase NN O
( , O
eNOS NNP O
) -RRB- O
activity NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
mRNA NN O
of IN O
eNOS NN O
and CC O
C NN O
- HYPH O
type NN O
natriuretic JJ O
peptide NN O
( -LRB- O
CNP NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
rat NN O
blood NN O
vessels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
specific JJ O
endothelin NN O
type NN O
A NN O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
FR NNP O
139317 CD O
on IN O
FK NNP O
506 CD O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
FK NNP O
506 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
kg NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
d LS O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
given VBN O
for IN O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
elevated VBN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
from IN O
102 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
13 CD O
to IN O
152 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
15 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
and CC O
increased VBD O
the DT O
synthesis NN O
of IN O
ET NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
and CC O
the DT O
levels NNS O
of IN O
ET NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
mRNA NN O
in IN O
the DT O
mesenteric JJ O
artery NN O
( : O
240 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
230 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Little JJ O
change NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
ECE NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
mRNA NNP O
and CC O
CNP NNP O
mRNA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
FK NNP O
506 CD O
decreased VBD O
eNOS NNP O
activity NN O
and CC O
the DT O
levels NNS O
of IN O
eNOS NNP O
mRNA NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
aorta NN O
( : O
48 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
55 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
FR NNP O
139317 CD O
( : O
10 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
d NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
prevented VBN O
FK NNP O
506 CD O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
FK NNP O
506 CD O
may MD O
increase VB O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
not RB O
only RB O
by IN O
increasing VBG O
ET NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
production NN O
but CC O
also RB O
by IN O
decreasing VBG O
NO NNP O
synthesis NN O
in IN O
the DT O
vasculature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
22 CD O
- HYPH O
oxacalcitriol NN O
suppresses VBZ O
secondary JJ B-Disease
hyperparathyroidism NN I-Disease
without IN O
inducing VBG O
low JJ B-Disease
bone NN I-Disease
turnover NN I-Disease
in IN O
dogs NNS O
with IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Calcitriol NNP O
therapy NN O
suppresses VBZ O
serum JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
parathyroid NN O
hormone NN O
( -LRB- O
PTH NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
but CC O
has VBZ O
several JJ O
drawbacks NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
marked VBN O
suppression NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
bone NN I-Disease
turnover NN I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
may MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
adynamic JJ B-Disease
bone NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
new JJ O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
analogue NN O
, , O
22 CD O
- HYPH O
oxacalcitriol NN O
( , O
OCT NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
promising JJ O
characteristics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
OCT NNP O
on IN O
serum NN O
PTH NN O
levels NNS O
and CC O
bone NN O
turnover NN O
in IN O
states NNS O
of IN O
normal JJ O
or CC O
impaired VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Sixty CD O
dogs NNS O
were VBD O
either CC O
nephrectomized VBN O
( , O
Nx NNP O
, , O
N NNP O
= SYM O
38 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
sham NN O
- HYPH O
operated VBN O
( , O
Sham NNP O
, , O
N NNP O
= SYM O
22 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
animals NNS O
received VBD O
supplemental JJ O
phosphate NN O
to TO O
enhance VB O
PTH NN O
secretion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fourteen CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
start NN O
of IN O
phosphate NN O
supplementation NN O
, , O
half NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Nx NNP O
and CC O
Sham NNP O
dogs NNS O
received VBD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
OCT NNP O
( : O
three CD O
times NNS O
per IN O
week NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
the DT O
other JJ O
half NN O
were VBD O
given VBN O
vehicle NN O
for IN O
60 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thereafter RB O
, , O
the DT O
treatment NN O
modalities NNS O
for IN O
a DT O
subset NN O
of IN O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
crossed VBN O
over RP O
for IN O
an DT O
additional JJ O
eight CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Biochemical JJ O
and CC O
hormonal JJ O
indices NNS O
of IN O
calcium NN O
and CC O
bone NN O
metabolism NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
throughout IN O
the DT O
study NN O
, , O
and CC O
bone NN O
biopsies NNS O
were VBD O
done VBN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
, , O
60 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
OCT NNP O
or CC O
vehicle NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
and CC O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
crossover NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
Nx NNP O
dogs NNS O
, , O
OCT NNP O
significantly RB O
decreased VBD O
serum JJ O
PTH NNP O
levels NNS O
soon RB O
after IN O
the DT O
induction NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
long RB O
- HYPH O
standing VBG O
secondary JJ B-Disease
hyperparathyroidism NN I-Disease
, , O
OCT NNP O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
stabilized VBD O
serum JJ O
PTH NNP O
levels NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NNP O
PTH NNP O
levels NNS O
rose VBD O
thereafter RB O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
rise NN O
was VBD O
less RBR O
pronounced JJ O
compared VBN O
with IN O
baseline NN O
than IN O
the DT O
rise NN O
seen VBN O
in IN O
Nx NNP O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
hyperphosphatemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
animals NNS O
with IN O
normal JJ O
renal JJ O
function NN O
, , O
OCT NNP O
induced VBD O
a DT O
transient JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
PTH NN O
levels NNS O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
not RB O
sustained VBN O
with IN O
lowering NN O
of IN O
the DT O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Nx NNP O
dogs NNS O
, , O
OCT NNP O
reversed VBD O
abnormal JJ O
bone NN O
formation NN O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
woven VBN B-Disease
osteoid NN I-Disease
and CC O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
alter VB O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
bone NN O
turnover NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
OCT NNP O
improved VBD O
mineralization NN O
lag NN O
time NN O
, , O
( , O
that RB O
is RB O
, , O
the DT O
rate NN O
at IN O
which WDT O
osteoid NN O
mineralizes VBZ O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
both CC O
Nx NNP O
and CC O
Sham NNP O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
These DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
even RB O
though IN O
OCT NNP O
does VBZ O
not RB O
completely RB O
prevent VB O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
experimental JJ O
dogs NNS O
with IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
, , O
it PRP O
may MD O
be VB O
of IN O
use NN O
in IN O
the DT O
management NN O
of IN O
secondary JJ B-Disease
hyperparathyroidism NN I-Disease
because IN O
it PRP O
does VBZ O
not RB O
induce VB O
low JJ B-Disease
bone NN I-Disease
turnover NN I-Disease
and CC O
, , O
therefore RB O
, , O
does VBZ O
not RB O
increase VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
adynamic JJ B-Disease
bone NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
asystole NN B-Disease
after IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
intravenous JJ O
methylprednisolone NN O
in IN O
a DT O
monitored VBN O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
asystole NN B-Disease
after IN O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
methylprednisolone NN O
in IN O
a DT O
73 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
patient NN O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
electrocardiographic JJ O
( , O
ECG NNP O
) -RRB- O
monitoring NN O
throughout IN O
the DT O
episode NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
cardiac JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
9 CD O
years NNS O
earlier RBR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
admitted VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
with IN O
hemoptysis NN B-Disease
, , O
rapidly RB O
progressive JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
hypoxemia NN B-Disease
that WDT O
required VBD O
mechanical JJ O
ventilation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
intensive JJ O
care NN O
unit NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
receiving VBG O
advanced JJ O
cardiopulmonary JJ O
resuscitation NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
recovered VBD O
cardiac JJ O
rhythm NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
ECG NNP O
showed VBD O
a DT O
junctional JJ O
rhythm NN O
without IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
reviews VBZ O
the DT O
current JJ O
proposed VBN O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
sudden JJ B-Disease
death NN I-Disease
after IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
methylprednisolone NN O
( -LRB- O
IVMP NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
mechanisms NNS O
are VBP O
not RB O
well RB O
understood VBN O
because IN O
, , O
in IN O
most JJS O
cases NNS O
, , O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
monitored VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
moment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
event NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rapid JJ O
infusion NN O
and CC O
underlying JJ O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
were VBD O
important JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
case NN O
reported VBN O
here RB O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
authors NNS O
discount VBP O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmia NN I-Disease
as IN O
the DT O
main JJ O
mechanism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Worsening VBG O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
by IN O
motor NN O
and CC O
mental JJ O
tasks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
with IN O
disabling JJ O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
included VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
study NN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
mental JJ O
( , O
mental JJ O
calculation NN O
) , O
and CC O
motor NN O
( , O
flexion NN O
/ SYM O
extension NN O
of IN O
right JJ O
fingers NNS O
, , O
flexion NN O
/ SYM O
extension NN O
of IN O
left JJ O
fingers NNS O
, , O
flexion NN O
/ SYM O
extension NN O
of IN O
the DT O
neck NN O
, , O
speaking VBG O
aloud RB O
) , O
tasks NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
worsening NN O
of IN O
peak NN O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
following VBG O
administration NN O
of IN O
an DT O
effective JJ O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
apomorphine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
score NN O
at IN O
rest NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
significant JJ O
aggravation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
score NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
during IN O
speaking VBG O
aloud RB O
( , O
5 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
movements NNS O
of IN O
right JJ O
( : O
4 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
, , O
p NN O
< CC O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) NFP O
and CC O
left RB O
( : O
3 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) SYM O
fingers NNS O
, , O
movements NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
neck NN O
( , O
5 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) NFP O
, , O
and CC O
mental JJ O
calculation NN O
( : O
3 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
activation NN O
tasks NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
"""" `` O
speaking VBG O
aloud RB O
"""" '' O
could MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
for IN O
objective JJ O
assessment NN O
of IN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
severity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urine NNP O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
acetyl NNP O
- HYPH O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
D NN O
- HYPH O
glucosaminidase NN O
- : O
- : O
a DT O
marker NN O
of IN O
tubular JJ O
damage NN O
? . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Although IN O
an DT O
indicator NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
tubular JJ I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
, , O
an DT O
increased VBN O
urinary JJ O
N NN O
- HYPH O
acetyl NN O
- HYPH O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
D NN O
- HYPH O
glucosaminidase NN O
( -LRB- O
NAG NNP O
) -RRB- O
activity NN O
might MD O
reflect VB O
increased JJ O
lysosomal JJ O
activity NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
tubular JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
( , O
PAN NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
to IN O
Sprague NNP O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
to TO O
induce VB O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Total JJ O
protein NN O
, , O
albumin NN O
, , O
NAG NNP O
activity NN O
and CC O
protein NN O
electrophoretic JJ O
pattern NN O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
daily JJ O
urine NN O
samples NNS O
for IN O
33 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
morphological JJ O
appearance NN O
of IN O
the DT O
kidneys NNS O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
on IN O
days NNS O
three CD O
, , O
four CD O
, , O
six CD O
, , O
eight CD O
and CC O
thirty CD O
three CD O
and CC O
the DT O
NAG NNP O
isoenzyme NN O
patterns NNS O
on IN O
days NNS O
zero CD O
, , O
four CD O
, , O
eight CD O
and CC O
thirty CD O
three CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Following VBG O
intravenous JJ O
PAN NNP O
urine NN O
volume NN O
and CC O
urine NN O
NAG NNP O
activity NN O
increased VBD O
significantly RB O
by IN O
day NN O
two CD O
, , O
but CC O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
by IN O
day NN O
four CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
day NN O
four CD O
all DT O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
exhibited VBD O
a DT O
marked JJ O
rise NN O
in IN O
urine NN O
albumin NN O
, , O
total JJ O
protein NN O
excretion NN O
and CC O
NAG NNP O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electrophoresis NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
generalised VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
middle JJ O
and CC O
high JJ O
molecular JJ O
weight NN O
urine NN O
proteins NNS O
from IN O
day NN O
four CD O
onwards NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Protein NN O
droplets NNS O
first RB O
appeared VBD O
prominent JJ O
in IN O
tubular JJ O
cells NNS O
on IN O
day NN O
four CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peak NN O
urine NN O
NAG NNP O
activity NN O
and CC O
a DT O
change NN O
in IN O
NAG NNP O
isoenzyme NN O
pattern NN O
coincided VBD O
with IN O
both CC O
the DT O
peak NN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
intracellular JJ O
protein NN O
and CC O
NAG NNP O
droplets NNS O
( , O
day NN O
six CD O
onwards NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
animal NN O
model NN O
demonstrates VBZ O
that IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
lysosomal JJ O
turnover NN O
and CC O
hence RB O
urine NN O
NAG NN O
activity NN O
, , O
occurs VBZ O
when WRB O
increased VBN O
protein NN O
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
tubular JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urine NN O
NAG NNP O
activity NN O
is VBZ O
thus RB O
a DT O
measure NN O
of IN O
altered JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
the DT O
renal JJ O
tubules NNS O
and CC O
not RB O
simply RB O
an DT O
indicator NN O
of IN O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cauda NNP B-Disease
equina NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
after IN O
spinal JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
with IN O
hyperbaric JJ O
5 CD O
% NN O
lignocaine NN O
: : O
a DT O
review NN O
of IN O
six CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
cauda NN B-Disease
equina NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
reported VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
Swedish NNP O
Pharmaceutical NNP O
Insurance NNP O
1993 CD O
- SYM O
1997 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
cauda NN B-Disease
equina NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
with IN O
varying VBG O
severity NN O
were VBD O
reported VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
Swedish NNP O
Pharmaceutical NNP O
Insurance NNP O
during IN O
the DT O
period NN O
1993 CD O
- SYM O
1997 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
spinal JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
using VBG O
hyperbaric JJ O
5 CD O
% NN O
lignocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
cases NNS O
had VBD O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
shot VBN O
spinal NN O
anaesthesia NN O
and CC O
one CD O
had VBD O
a DT O
repeat JJ O
spinal JJ O
anaesthetic NN O
due IN O
to IN O
inadequate JJ O
block NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
hyperbaric JJ O
5 CD O
% NN O
lignocaine NN O
administered VBN O
ranged VBN O
from IN O
60 CD O
to IN O
120 CD O
mg NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
of IN O
the DT O
cases NNS O
were VBD O
most RBS O
likely RB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
direct JJ O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
hyperbaric JJ O
5 CD O
% NN O
lignocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
3 CD O
cases NNS O
, , O
direct JJ O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
also RB O
probable JJ O
, , O
but CC O
unfortunately RB O
radiological JJ O
investigations NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
done VBN O
to TO O
definitely RB O
exclude VB O
a DT O
compressive JJ O
aetiology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
cases NNS O
sustained VBD O
permanent JJ O
neurological JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
recommend VBP O
that IN O
hyperbaric JJ O
lignocaine NN O
should MD O
be VB O
administered VBN O
in IN O
concentrations NNS O
not RB O
greater JJR O
than IN O
2 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
at IN O
a DT O
total JJ O
dose NN O
preferably RB O
not RB O
exceeding VBG O
60 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systemic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
following VBG O
administration NN O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
( , O
formerly RB O
rapamycin NN O
) , O
for IN O
psoriasis NN B-Disease
: : O
association NN O
of IN O
capillary JJ B-Disease
leak NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
with IN O
apoptosis NN O
of IN O
lesional JJ O
lymphocytes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Sirolimus NNP O
( : O
formerly RB O
rapamycin NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
an DT O
immunosuppressive JJ O
agent NN O
that WDT O
interferes VBZ O
with IN O
T NN O
- HYPH O
cell NN O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
2 CD O
individuals NNS O
with IN O
psoriasis NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
a DT O
capillary JJ B-Disease
leak NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
following VBG O
treatment NN O
with IN O
oral JJ O
sirolimus NN O
lesional JJ O
skin NN O
cells NNS O
and CC O
activated VBD O
peripheral JJ O
blood NN O
cells NNS O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
for IN O
induction NN O
of IN O
apoptosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBSERVATIONS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
keratome NN O
skin NN O
specimen NN O
from IN O
1 CD O
patient NN O
with IN O
sirolimus NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
capillary JJ B-Disease
leak NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
had VBD O
a DT O
2 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
increase NN O
in IN O
percentage NN O
of IN O
apoptotic JJ O
cells NNS O
( , O
to IN O
48 CD O
% NN O
) , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
unaffected JJ O
sirolimus NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patient NN O
with IN O
psoriasis NN B-Disease
( : O
21 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Activated VBN O
peripheral JJ O
blood NN O
T NN O
cells NNS O
from IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
psoriasis NN B-Disease
tended VBD O
to TO O
exhibit VB O
greater JJR O
spontaneous JJ O
or CC O
dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
apoptosis NN O
than IN O
did VBD O
normal JJ O
T NN O
cells NNS O
, , O
particularly RB O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Severe JJ O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
include VBP O
fever NN B-Disease
, , O
anemia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
capillary JJ B-Disease
leak NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
symptoms NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
result NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
apoptosis NN O
of IN O
lesional JJ O
leukocytes NNS O
, , O
especially RB O
activated VBN O
T NNP O
lymphocytes NNS O
, , O
and CC O
possibly RB O
release NN O
of IN O
inflammatory JJ O
mediators NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
psoriasis NN B-Disease
may MD O
develop VB O
capillary JJ B-Disease
leak NN I-Disease
from IN O
various JJ O
systemic JJ O
therapies NNS O
, , O
clinical JJ O
monitoring NN O
is VBZ O
advisable JJ O
for IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
inflammatory JJ B-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
who WP O
are VBP O
treated VBN O
with IN O
immune JJ O
modulators NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
maintenance NN O
therapy NN O
on IN O
thyroid NN O
and CC O
parathyroid NN O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
assess VB O
changes NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
lithium NN O
maintenance NN O
therapy NN O
on IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
thyroid NN O
, , O
parathyroid NN O
and CC O
ion NN O
alterations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
age NN O
, , O
sex NN O
, , O
and CC O
family NN O
history NN O
( , O
whether IN O
or CC O
not RB O
the DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
degree NN O
relative NN O
with IN O
thyroid NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
Prospective JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING VBG O
: : O
Affective JJ O
Disorders NNS O
Clinic NN O
at IN O
St NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mary NNP O
' POS O
s NNP O
Hospital NNP O
, , O
Montreal NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
: : O
One CD O
hundred CD O
and CC O
one CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
28 CD O
men NNS O
and CC O
73 CD O
women NNS O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
receiving VBG O
lithium NN O
maintenance NN O
therapy NN O
ranging VBG O
from IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
to IN O
32 CD O
years NNS O
' POS O
duration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
control NN O
group NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
82 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
no DT O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
or CC O
endocrinological JJ O
diagnoses NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
hospital NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
out IN O
- HYPH O
patient NN O
clinics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OUTCOME NN O
MEASURES NNS O
: : O
Laboratory NN O
analyses NNS O
of IN O
calcium NN O
, , O
magnesium NN O
and CC O
thyroid NN O
- HYPH O
stimulating VBG O
hormone NN O
levels NNS O
performed VBN O
before IN O
beginning VBG O
lithium NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
at IN O
biannual JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Hypothyroidism NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
in IN O
40 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
excluding VBG O
8 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
hypothyroid NN B-Disease
at IN O
baseline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
having VBG O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
degree NN O
relatives NNS O
affected VBN O
by IN O
thyroid NN B-Disease
illness NN I-Disease
had VBD O
accelerated VBN O
onset NN O
of IN O
hypothyroidism NN B-Disease
( : O
3 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
years NNS O
after IN O
onset NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
therapy NN O
) , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
patients NNS O
without IN O
a DT O
family NN O
history NN O
( : O
8 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
years NNS O
after IN O
onset NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
therapy NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Women NNS O
over IN O
60 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
were VBD O
more RBR O
often RB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
hypothyroidism NN B-Disease
than IN O
women NNS O
under IN O
60 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
( : O
34 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
versus IN O
31 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Magnesium NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
on IN O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
were VBD O
unchanged JJ O
from IN O
baseline NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
calcium NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
either CC O
baseline NN O
levels NNS O
or CC O
control NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
counteracted VBD O
the DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
calcium NN O
levels NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
aging NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Familial JJ O
thyroid NN B-Disease
illness NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
risk NN O
factor NN O
for IN O
hypothyroidism NN B-Disease
and CC O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
during IN O
lithium NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
immune JJ O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
prophylactic JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
cefotetan NN O
in IN O
obstetric JJ O
and CC O
gynecologic JJ O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Second JJ O
- HYPH O
and CC O
third JJ O
- HYPH O
generation NN O
cephalosporins NNS O
, , O
especially RB O
cefotetan NN O
, , O
are VBP O
increasingly RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
severe JJ O
, , O
sometimes RB O
fatal JJ O
immune JJ O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
noticed VBD O
that IN O
10 CD O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
35 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
cefotetan NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemias NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
received VBN O
cefotetan NN O
prophylactically RB O
for IN O
obstetric JJ O
and CC O
gynecologic JJ O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
of IN O
these DT O
cases NNS O
of IN O
severe JJ O
immune JJ O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
are VBP O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
nonsteroidal JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
drugs NNS O
on IN O
hemostasis NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
aneurysmal JJ B-Disease
subarachnoid NN I-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Platelet NN O
function NN O
is VBZ O
impaired VBN O
by IN O
nonsteroidal JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
drugs NNS O
( -LRB- O
NSAIDs NNP O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
prominent JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
properties NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Their PRP$ O
safety NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
intracranial JJ O
surgery NN O
is VBZ O
under IN O
debate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
with IN O
aneurysmal JJ B-Disease
subarachnoid NN I-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
SAH NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
either CC O
ketoprofen NN O
, , O
100 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
three CD O
times NNS O
a DT O
day NN O
( HYPH O
ketoprofen NN O
group NN O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
a DT O
weak JJ O
NSAID NNP O
, , O
acetaminophen NN O
, , O
1 CD O
g NN O
, , O
three CD O
times NNS O
a DT O
day NN O
( , O
acetaminophen NN O
group NN O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
starting VBG O
immediately RB O
after IN O
the DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
aneurysmal NN B-Disease
SAH NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
was VBD O
continued VBN O
for IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
postoperatively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Test NN O
blood NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
taken VBN O
before IN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
surgery NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
on IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
, , O
third JJ O
, , O
and CC O
fifth JJ O
postoperative JJ O
mornings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Maximal JJ O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregation NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
6 CD O
microM NN O
of IN O
adenosine NN O
diphosphate NN O
decreased VBD O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
ketoprofen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aggregation NN O
was VBD O
lower JJR O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
ketoprofen NN O
group NN O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
acetaminophen NN O
group NN O
just RB O
before IN O
surgery NN O
and CC O
on IN O
the DT O
third JJ O
postoperative JJ O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
maximal JJ O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregation NN I-Disease
increased VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
acetaminophen NN O
group NN O
on IN O
the DT O
third JJ O
postoperative JJ O
day NN O
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
pretreatment NN O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregation NN I-Disease
results NNS O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
in IN O
the DT O
ketoprofen NN O
group NN O
developed VBD O
a DT O
postoperative JJ O
intracranial JJ O
hematoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coagulation NN O
( -LRB- O
prothrombin JJ O
time NN O
[ -LRB- O
PT NN O
] -RRB- O
, , O
activated VBN O
partial JJ O
thromboplastin NN O
time NN O
[ -LRB- O
APPT NNP O
] -RRB- O
, , O
fibrinogen NN O
concentration NN O
, , O
and CC O
antithrombin NN O
III NNP O
[ -LRB- O
AT NN O
III NNP O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
comparable JJ O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketoprofen NNP O
but CC O
not RB O
acetaminophen NN O
impaired VBN O
platelet NN O
function NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
SAH NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
If IN O
ketoprofen NN O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
before IN O
surgery NN O
on IN O
cerebral JJ O
artery NN B-Disease
aneurysms NNS I-Disease
, , O
it PRP O
may MD O
pose VB O
an DT O
additional JJ O
risk NN O
factor NN O
for IN O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
synthase NN O
expression NN O
in IN O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
lead NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
recently RB O
showed VBD O
elevated VBN O
reactive JJ O
oxygen NN O
species NNS O
( , O
ROS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
reduced VBN O
urinary JJ O
excretion NN O
of IN O
NO NNP O
metabolites NNS O
( , O
NOx NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
increased VBN O
NO NNP O
sequestration NN O
as IN O
nitrotyrosine NN O
in IN O
various JJ O
tissues NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
lead NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
discern VB O
whether IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
urinary JJ O
NOx NNP O
in IN O
lead NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
, , O
in IN O
part NN O
, , O
due IN O
to IN O
depressed VBN O
NO NNP O
synthase NN O
( , O
NOS NNP O
) -RRB- O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male NNP O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
lead NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
( , O
given VBN O
lead NN O
acetate NN O
, , O
100 CD O
ppm NN O
, , O
in IN O
drinking NN O
water NN O
and CC O
regular JJ O
rat NN O
chow NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
group NN O
given VBN O
lead NN O
and CC O
vitamin NN O
E NN O
- HYPH O
fortified VBN O
chow NN O
, , O
or CC O
a DT O
normal JJ O
control NN O
group NN O
given VBN O
either CC O
regular JJ O
food NN O
and CC O
water NN O
or CC O
vitamin NN O
E NN O
- HYPH O
fortified VBN O
food NN O
for IN O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tail NN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
urinary JJ O
NOx NN O
excretion NN O
, , O
plasma NN O
malondialdehyde NN O
( , O
MDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
endothelial JJ O
and CC O
inducible JJ O
NOS NNP O
( , O
eNOS NNP O
and CC O
iNOS NN O
) -RRB- O
isotypes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
aorta NN O
and CC O
kidney NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
lead NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
exhibited VBD O
a DT O
rise NN O
in IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
plasma NN O
MDA NNP O
concentration NN O
, , O
a DT O
fall NN O
in IN O
urinary JJ O
NOx NNP O
excretion NN O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
paradoxical JJ O
rise NN O
in IN O
vascular JJ O
and CC O
renal JJ O
tissue NN O
eNOS NN O
and CC O
iNOS NN O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vitamin NN O
E NN O
supplementation NN O
ameliorated VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
lowered VBN O
plasma NN O
MDA NNP O
concentration NN O
, , O
and CC O
raised VBN O
urinary JJ O
NOx NN O
excretion NN O
while IN O
significantly RB O
lowering VBG O
vascular JJ O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
renal JJ O
, , O
tissue NN O
eNOS NNP O
and CC O
iNOS NN O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vitamin NN O
E NN O
supplementation NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
either CC O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
plasma NN O
MDA NNP O
, , O
or CC O
NOS NNP O
expression NN O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
study NN O
also RB O
revealed VBD O
significant JJ O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
NOS NNP O
enzymatic JJ O
activity NN O
by IN O
lead NN O
in IN O
cell NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
preparations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
lead NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
model NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
compensatory JJ O
upregulation NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
and CC O
vascular JJ O
eNOS NN O
and CC O
iNOS NN O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
, , O
in IN O
part NN O
, , O
due IN O
to IN O
ROS NNP O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
NO NNP O
inactivation NN O
, , O
lead NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
NOS NNP O
activity NN O
, , O
and CC O
perhaps RB O
stimulatory JJ O
actions NNS O
of IN O
increased VBN O
shear NN O
stress NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glyceryl NN O
trinitrate NN O
induces VBZ O
attacks NNS O
of IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
without IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
in IN O
sufferers NNS O
of IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
with IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Migraine NN B-Disease
with IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
and CC O
migraine NN B-Disease
without IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
have VBP O
the DT O
same JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
phase NN O
, , O
thus RB O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
with IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
and CC O
migraine NN B-Disease
without IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
share VBP O
a DT O
common JJ O
pathway NN O
of IN O
nociception NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
recent JJ O
years NNS O
, , O
increasing VBG O
evidence NN O
has VBZ O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
messenger NN O
molecule NN O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
( -LRB- O
NO NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
involved VBN O
in IN O
pain NN B-Disease
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
without IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
order NN O
to TO O
clarify VB O
whether IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
is VBZ O
true JJ O
for IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
with IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
we PRP O
examined VBD O
the DT O
headache NN B-Disease
response NN O
to IN O
intravenous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
glyceryl NN O
trinitrate NN O
( -LRB- O
GTN NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
for IN O
20 CD O
min NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
12 CD O
sufferers NNS O
of IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
with IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
specific JJ O
aim NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
elucidate VB O
whether IN O
an DT O
aura NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
an DT O
attack NN O
of IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
without IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
could MD O
be VB O
induced VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fourteen CD O
healthy JJ O
subjects NNS O
served VBD O
as IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aura NNP O
symptoms NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
elicited VBN O
in IN O
any DT O
subject NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Headache NN B-Disease
was VBD O
more RBR O
severe JJ O
in IN O
migraineurs NNS B-Disease
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
controls NNS O
during IN O
and CC O
immediately RB O
after IN O
GTN NNP O
infusion NN O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
037 CD O
) -RRB- O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
during IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
11 CD O
h NN O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
008 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
controls NNS O
, , O
the DT O
GTN NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
headache NN B-Disease
gradually RB O
disappeared VBD O
, , O
whereas IN O
in IN O
migraineurs NNS B-Disease
peak NN O
headache NN B-Disease
intensity NN O
occurred VBD O
at IN O
a DT O
mean JJ O
time NN O
of IN O
240 CD O
min NN O
post NN O
- HYPH O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
this DT O
time NN O
the DT O
induced VBN O
headache NN B-Disease
in IN O
6 CD O
of IN O
12 CD O
migraineurs NNS B-Disease
fulfilled VBD O
the DT O
diagnostic JJ O
criteria NNS O
for IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
without IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
International NNP O
Headache NNP B-Disease
Society NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
therefore RB O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
NO NNP O
is VBZ O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
pain NN B-Disease
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
with IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
cortical JJ O
spreading NN O
depression NN B-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
liberate VB O
NO NNP O
in IN O
animals NNS O
, , O
this DT O
finding NN O
may MD O
help VB O
our PRP$ O
understanding NN O
of IN O
the DT O
coupling NN O
between IN O
cortical JJ O
spreading VBG O
depression NN B-Disease
and CC O
headache NN B-Disease
in IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
with IN I-Disease
aura NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rapid JJ O
reversal NN O
of IN O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
diltiazem NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tetany NN B-Disease
with IN O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
tetany NN B-Disease
with IN O
sudden JJ O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
after IN O
the DT O
infusion NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
diltiazem NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
rapidly RB O
resolved VBD O
the DT O
patient NN O
' '' O
s POS O
tetany NN B-Disease
with IN O
prompt JJ O
recovery NN O
of IN O
respiratory JJ O
function NN O
, , O
averting VBG O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
more RBR O
aggressive JJ O
airway NN O
management NN O
and CC O
ventilatory JJ O
support NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
emergency NN O
physician NN O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
that IN O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
tetany NN B-Disease
may MD O
accompany VB O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
diltiazem NN O
and CC O
that IN O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
rapid JJ O
and CC O
effective JJ O
remedy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Predictors NNS O
of IN O
decreased VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
during IN O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitor NN O
therapy NN O
: : O
results NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
studies NNS O
of IN O
left JJ B-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
SOLVD NNP O
) -RRB- O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Although IN O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitor NN O
therapy NN O
reduces VBZ O
mortality NN O
rates NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
( : O
CHF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
it PRP O
may MD O
also RB O
cause VB O
decreased VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Little JJ O
information NN O
is VBZ O
available JJ O
to TO O
predict VB O
which WDT O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
at IN O
highest JJS O
risk NN O
for IN O
this DT O
complication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
quantify VB O
specific JJ O
clinical JJ O
predictors NNS O
of IN O
reduction NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
CHF NNP B-Disease
who WP O
are VBP O
prescribed VBN O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitor NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
We PRP O
analyzed VBD O
data NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
Studies NNPS O
of IN O
Left NNP B-Disease
Ventricular NNP I-Disease
Dysfunction NNP I-Disease
( -LRB- O
SOLVD NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
of IN O
enalapril NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
CHF NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
3379 CD O
patients NNS O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to TO O
enalapril VB O
with IN O
a DT O
median JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
974 CD O
days NNS O
and CC O
3379 CD O
patients NNS O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
placebo NN O
with IN O
a DT O
mean JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
967 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Decreased VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
was VBD O
defined VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
rise NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
> SYM O
/ SYM O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
( SYM O
44 CD O
micromol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
baseline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
used VBD O
time NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
event NN O
analysis NN O
to TO O
identify VB O
potential JJ O
predictors NNS O
of IN O
decrease NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
including VBG O
age NN O
, , O
baseline NN O
ejection NN O
fraction NN O
, , O
baseline NN O
creatinine NN O
, , O
low JJ O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
( , O
< $ O
100 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
history NN O
of IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
diabetes NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
use NN O
of IN O
antiplatelet NN O
, , O
diuretic NN O
, , O
and CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocker NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Patients NNS O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
enalapril NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
33 CD O
% NN O
greater JJR O
likelihood NN O
of IN O
decreased VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
than IN O
controls NNS O
( : O
P NN O
= . O
. . O
003 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
multivariate JJ O
analysis NN O
, , O
in IN O
both CC O
the DT O
placebo NN O
and CC O
enalapril NN O
groups NNS O
older JJR O
age NN O
, , O
diuretic JJ O
therapy NN O
, , O
and CC O
diabetes NN B-Disease
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
decreased VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocker NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
higher JJR O
ejection NN O
fraction NN O
were VBD O
renoprotective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Older JJR O
age NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
greater JJR O
risk NN O
of IN O
developing VBG O
decreased VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
, , O
but CC O
significantly RB O
more RBR O
so RB O
in IN O
the DT O
enalapril NN O
group NN O
( , O
enalapril NN O
: : O
risk NN O
ratio NN O
[ -LRB- O
RR NN O
] -RRB- O
1 CD O
. . O
42 CD O
per IN O
10 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
[ -LRB- O
CI NN O
] -RRB- O
1 CD O
. . O
32 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
52 CD O
with IN O
enalapril NN O
; : O
placebo NN O
: : O
RR NN O
1 CD O
. . O
18 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
12 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diuretic JJ O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
likewise RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
greater JJR O
risk NN O
of IN O
decreased VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
enalapril NN O
group NN O
( : O
RR NN O
1 CD O
. . O
89 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
70 CD O
- SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
08 CD O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
( : O
RR NN O
1 CD O
. . O
35 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
09 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
66 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conversely RB O
, , O
enalapril NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
relative JJ O
renoprotective NN O
effect NN O
( , O
RR NN O
1 CD O
. . O
33 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
13 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
53 CD O
) , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
( : O
RR NN O
1 CD O
. . O
96 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
57 CD O
- SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
44 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
diabetes NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
lower JJR O
risk NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
was VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
with IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocker NN O
therapy NN O
( : O
RR NN O
0 CD O
. . O
70 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
. . O
57 CD O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
85 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
higher JJR O
baseline NN O
ejection NN O
fraction NN O
( : O
RR NN O
0 CD O
. . O
93 CD O
per IN O
5 CD O
% NN O
increment NN O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
. . O
91 CD O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
96 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Enalapril NNP O
use NN O
caused VBD O
a DT O
33 CD O
% NN O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
decreased VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
CHF NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diuretic JJ O
use NN O
and CC O
advanced JJ O
age NN O
increased VBD O
this DT O
risk NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diabetes NN B-Disease
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
CHF NNP B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
this DT O
risk NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
enalapril NN O
group NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
beta NN O
- HYPH O
Blocker NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
higher JJR O
ejection NN O
fraction NN O
were VBD O
renoprotective JJ O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
regardless RB O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypomania NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
syndrome NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
olanzapine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
female JJ O
patient NN O
with IN O
a DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
a DT O
not RB O
otherwise RB O
specified VBN O
psychotic JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
( : O
DSM NNP O
- HYPH O
IV NN O
) , O
who WP O
developed VBD O
hypomania NN B-Disease
shortly RB O
after IN O
the DT O
introduction NN O
of IN O
olanzapine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acetazolamide NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
Gerstmann NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
confusion NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
acetazolamide NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
well RB O
known VBN O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reaction NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
acetazolamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
Gerstmann NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
normal JJ O
renal JJ O
function NN O
, , O
to TO O
highlight VB O
predisposing VBG O
factors NNS O
that WDT O
are VBP O
frequently RB O
overlooked VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vasopressin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
milrinone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
severe JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
use NN O
of IN O
phosphodiesterase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
milrinone NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
frequently RB O
restricted VBN O
because IN O
they PRP O
cause VBP O
vasodilation NN O
and CC O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
decompensated JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
with IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
milrinone NN O
, , O
low JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
vasopressin NN O
restored VBD O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
without IN O
inhibiting VBG O
the DT O
inotropic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
milrinone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
of IN O
tacrolimus NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
by IN O
conversion NN O
to IN O
cyclosporine NN O
in IN O
liver NN O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
tacrolimus NN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
persist VBP O
despite IN O
dose NN O
reduction NN O
, , O
conversion NN O
to IN O
cyclosporine NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
immunosuppression NN O
( -LRB- O
CyA NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
necessary JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
characterized VBD O
tacrolimus NN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
that WDT O
warranted VBD O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
, , O
and CC O
outcomes NNS O
after IN O
conversion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
388 CD O
liver NN O
recipients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
tacrolimus NN O
as IN O
primary JJ O
immunosuppression NN O
, , O
70 CD O
required VBD O
conversion NN O
to IN O
CyA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
recorded VBD O
indication NN O
for IN O
conversion NN O
, , O
whether IN O
conversion NN O
was VBD O
early JJ O
or CC O
late JJ O
after IN O
transplantation NN O
, , O
tacrolimus NN O
dose NN O
and CC O
trough NN O
blood NN O
level NN O
at IN O
conversion NN O
, , O
and CC O
incidence NN O
of IN O
rejection NN O
after IN O
conversion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conversion NN O
was VBD O
early JJ O
in IN O
29 CD O
patients NNS O
( SYM O
41 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
late RB O
in IN O
41 CD O
( SYM O
58 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Indications NNS O
for IN O
early JJ O
conversion NN O
were VBD O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
20 CD O
) NN O
, , O
( , B-Disease
insulin NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
dependent JJ I-Disease
) , I-Disease
diabetes NN I-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
( , O
IDDM NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
( , O
5 CD O
) NN O
, , O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
3 CD O
) NN O
, , O
gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
( , I-Disease
GI NN I-Disease
) , I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
( , O
6 CD O
) NN O
, , O
and CC O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
( , O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
for IN O
late JJ O
conversion NN O
were VBD O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
15 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
IDDM NNP B-Disease
( , O
12 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
3 CD O
) NN O
, , O
GI NN B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
( , O
5 CD O
) NN O
, , O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
post NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
transplant NN I-Disease
lmphoproliferate NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
PTLD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
( , O
2 CD O
) NN O
, , O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
( , O
1 CD O
) NN O
, , O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
( , O
1 CD O
) NN O
, , O
and CC O
pruritus NN B-Disease
( SYM O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
early JJ O
- HYPH O
conversion NN O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
improvement NN O
/ SYM O
resolution NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
late JJ O
- HYPH O
conversion NN O
patients NNS O
, , O
37 CD O
( SYM O
90 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
improvement NN O
/ SYM O
resolution NN O
; : O
in IN O
4 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
persisted VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
overall JJ O
rejection NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
30 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sixty CD O
- HYPH O
two CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
88 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
are VBP O
alive JJ O
with IN O
functioning VBG O
grafts NNS O
686 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
362 CD O
days NNS O
( : O
range NN O
, , O
154 CD O
- SYM O
1433 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
conversion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
tacrolimus NN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
unresponsive JJ O
to IN O
dose NN O
reduction NN O
, , O
conversion NN O
to IN O
CyA NNP O
can MD O
be VB O
accomplished VBN O
safely RB O
, , O
with IN O
no DT O
increased JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
rejection NN O
and CC O
excellent JJ O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
outcome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ocular JJ O
manifestations NNS O
of IN O
juvenile JJ B-Disease
rheumatoid NN I-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
followed VBD O
210 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
juvenile JJ B-Disease
rheumatoid NN I-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
closely RB O
for IN O
eleven CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
of IN O
the DT O
210 CD O
patients NNS O
( SYM O
17 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
iridocyclitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Iridocyclitis NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
seen VBN O
most RBS O
frequently RB O
in IN O
young JJ O
female JJ O
patients NNS O
( , O
0 CD O
to TO O
4 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
the DT O
monoarticular JJ O
or CC O
pauciatricular JJ O
form NN O
of IN O
the DT O
arthritis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
30 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
uveitis NN B-Disease
after IN O
16 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
61 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
noncontributory JJ O
ocular JJ O
history NN O
on IN O
entry NN O
, , O
42 CD O
% NN O
had VBD O
active JJ O
uveitis NN B-Disease
on IN O
entry NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
approach NN O
was VBD O
effective JJ O
in IN O
detecting VBG O
uveitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
new JJ O
cases NNS O
and CC O
exacerbations NNS O
of IN O
uveitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
established VBN O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
four CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
uveitis NN B-Disease
had VBD O
one CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
identifiable JJ O
signs NNS O
or CC O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
red JJ O
eye NN O
, , O
ocular JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
decreased VBN B-Disease
visual JJ I-Disease
acuity NN I-Disease
, , O
or CC O
photophobia NN B-Disease
, , O
in IN O
order NN O
of IN O
decreasing VBG O
frequency NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Even RB O
after IN O
early JJ O
detection NN O
and CC O
prompt JJ O
treatment NN O
, , O
41 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
cases NNS O
of IN O
uveitis NNS B-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
respond VB O
to IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
six CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
intensive JJ O
topical JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
and CC O
mydriatics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
this DT O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
dramatic JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
50 CD O
% NN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
blinding VBG O
complications NNS O
of IN O
uveitis NN B-Disease
cited VBN O
in IN O
earlier JJR O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cataract NN B-Disease
and CC O
band NN B-Disease
keratopathy NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
only RB O
22 CD O
and CC O
13 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
group NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
used VBD O
chloroquine NN O
or CC O
hydroxychloroquine NN O
in IN O
173 CD O
of IN O
210 CD O
cases NNS O
and CC O
found VBD O
only RB O
one CD O
case NN O
of IN O
chorioretinopathy NN B-Disease
attributable JJ O
to IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systemically RB O
administered VBN O
corticosteroids NNS O
were VBD O
used VBN O
in IN O
75 CD O
of IN O
210 CD O
cases NNS O
; : O
a DT O
significant JJ O
number NN O
of IN O
posterior JJ O
subcapsular JJ O
cataracts NNS B-Disease
was VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Typical JJ O
keratoconjunctivitis NN B-Disease
sicca NN O
developed VBD O
in IN O
three CD O
of IN O
the DT O
uveitis NN B-Disease
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
association NN O
with IN O
uveitis NN B-Disease
and CC O
JRA NNP O
was VBD O
not RB O
noted VBN O
previously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Surgical JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
cataracts NNS B-Disease
, , O
band NN B-Disease
keratopathy NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
glaucoma NN B-Disease
achieved VBD O
uniformly RB O
discouraging JJ O
results NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cyclophosphamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
freely RB O
- HYPH O
moving VBG O
conscious JJ O
rats NNS O
: : O
behavioral JJ O
approach NN O
to IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
visceral JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
To TO O
develop VB O
a DT O
model NN O
of IN O
visceral JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
using VBG O
a DT O
behavioral JJ O
approach NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cyclophosphamide NN O
( -LRB- O
CP NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
antitumoral JJ O
agent NN O
known VBN O
to TO O
produce VB O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
wall NN O
through IN O
its PRP$ O
main JJ O
toxic JJ O
metabolite NN O
acrolein NN O
, , O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
induce VB O
cystitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIALS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
CP NNP O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
50 CD O
, , O
100 CD O
and CC O
200 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
i PRP O
. . O
p UH O
. . O
to IN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
, , O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
behavior NN O
observed VBD O
and CC O
scored VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
to TO O
4 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
i LS O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
CP NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
behavioral JJ O
modifications NNS O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
administered VBN O
alone RB O
and CC O
after IN O
naloxone NN O
( : O
1 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
s -RRB- O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
90 CD O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
CP NNP O
injection NN O
, , O
that RB O
is RB O
, , O
at IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
, , O
the DT O
bladder NN O
was VBD O
removed VBN O
in IN O
some DT O
rats NNS O
for IN O
histological JJ O
examination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
to TO O
show VB O
that IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
is VBZ O
essential JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
CP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
behavioral JJ O
modifications NNS O
, , O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
also RB O
received VBD O
CP NN O
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
. . O
/ SYM O
kg NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
i PRP O
. . O
p UH O
. . O
and CC O
of IN O
20 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
by IN O
the DT O
intravesical JJ O
route NN O
, , O
and CC O
acrolein NN O
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
by IN O
the DT O
intravesical JJ O
route NN O
and CC O
of IN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
i PRP O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
CP NN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
relatedly RB O
induced VBN O
marked VBN O
behavioral JJ O
modifications NNS O
in IN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
: : O
breathing VBG O
rate NN O
decrease NN O
, , O
closing NN O
of IN O
the DT O
eyes NNS O
and CC O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
specific JJ O
postures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Morphine NNP O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependently RB O
reversed VBD O
these DT O
behavioral JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. , O
produced VBD O
a DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
almost RB O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
behavioral JJ O
score NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
CP NNP O
200 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
effect NN O
was VBD O
completely RB O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
naloxone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
, , O
histological JJ O
modifications NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
wall NN O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
chorionic JJ O
and CC O
muscle NN O
layer NN O
edema NN B-Disease
, , O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
, , O
CP NN O
200 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
i PRP O
. . O
p UH O
. . O
produced VBN O
the DT O
same JJ O
marked JJ O
behavioral JJ O
modifications NNS O
as IN O
those DT O
observed VBN O
in IN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administered VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
20 CD O
mg NN O
. , O
intravesically RB O
, , O
CP NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
produce VB O
any DT O
behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
acrolein NN O
at IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
intravesically RB O
induced VBN O
behavioral JJ O
modifications NNS O
identical JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
under IN O
CP NNP O
200 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
i PRP O
. . O
p UH O
. . O
, , O
with IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
maximal JJ O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conversely RB O
, , O
acrolein NN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
i PRP O
. . O
v UH O
. . O
did VBD O
not RB O
produce VB O
any DT O
behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
at RB O
all RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Overall RB O
, , O
these DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
this DT O
experimental JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
CP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
an DT O
interesting JJ O
new JJ O
behavioral JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
inflammatory JJ O
visceral JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
allowing VBG O
a DT O
better JJR O
understanding NN O
of IN O
these DT O
painful JJ B-Disease
syndromes NNS I-Disease
and CC O
thus RB O
a DT O
better JJR O
therapeutic JJ O
approach NN O
to IN O
them PRP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prednisolone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
muscle NN B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
caused VBN O
more JJR O
by IN O
atrophy NN B-Disease
than IN O
by IN O
altered VBN O
acetylcholine NN O
receptor NN O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Large JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
glucocorticoids NNS O
can MD O
alter VB O
muscle NN O
physiology NN O
and CC O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
neuromuscular JJ O
blocking NN O
drugs NNS O
by IN O
mechanisms NNS O
not RB O
clearly RB O
understood VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
moderate JJ O
and CC O
large JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
prednisolone NN O
on IN O
muscle NN O
function NN O
and CC O
pharmacology NN O
, , O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
relationship NN O
to IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
muscle NN O
size NN O
and CC O
acetylcholine NN O
receptor NN O
( , O
AChR NN O
) -RRB- O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
institutional JJ O
approval NN O
, , O
35 CD O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
allocated VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
daily JJ O
subcutaneous JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
prednisolone NN O
( HYPH O
P10 NN O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
100 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
prednisolone NN O
( HYPH O
P100 NN O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
an DT O
equal JJ O
volume NN O
of IN O
saline NN O
( -LRB- O
S NNP O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
fourth JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
was VBD O
pair NN O
fed VBN O
( , O
food NN O
restricted VBN O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
the DT O
P100 NN O
rats NNS O
for IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
( -LRB- O
FR NNP O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
Day NNP O
8 CD O
, , O
the DT O
nerve NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
peak NN O
twitch NN O
tensions NNS O
, , O
tetanic JJ B-Disease
tensions NNS O
, , O
and CC O
fatigability NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
response NN O
curves NNS O
of IN O
d VBN O
- HYPH O
tubocurarine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
tibialis NN O
cranialis NN O
muscle NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
vivo NN O
and CC O
related VBN O
to IN O
muscle NN O
mass NN O
or CC O
expression NN O
of IN O
AChRs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rate NN O
of IN O
body NN O
weight NN O
gain NN O
was VBD O
depressed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
P100 NNP O
, , O
FR NNP O
, , O
and CC O
P10 NN O
groups NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
S NNP O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tibialis NNP O
muscle NN O
mass NN O
was VBD O
smaller JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
P100 NNP O
group NN O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
P10 NNP O
or CC O
S NNP O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
evoked VBN O
peak NN O
twitch NN O
and CC O
tetanic JJ B-Disease
tensions NNS O
were VBD O
less JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
P100 NNP O
group NN O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
P10 NNP O
or CC O
S NNP O
groups NNS O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
tension NN O
per IN O
milligram NN O
of IN O
muscle NN O
mass NN O
was VBD O
greater JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
P100 NNP O
group NN O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
S NNP O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
50 CD O
% NN O
effective JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
d NN O
- HYPH O
tubocurarine NN O
( -LRB- O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
tibialis NN O
muscle NN O
was VBD O
smaller JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
P10 NNP O
( SYM O
33 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
S NNP O
( SYM O
61 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
the DT O
P100 CD O
( SYM O
71 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AChR NNP O
expression NN O
was VBD O
less JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
P10 NN O
group NN O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
S NNP O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
evoked VBN O
tensions NNS O
correlated VBD O
with IN O
muscle NN O
mass NN O
( , O
r NN O
( , O
2 CD O
) SYM O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
32 CD O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
not RB O
with IN O
expression NN O
of IN O
AChR NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
50 CD O
% NN O
effective JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
d NN O
- HYPH O
tubocurarine NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
correlate VB O
with IN O
muscle NN O
mass NN O
or CC O
AChR NN O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
neuromuscular JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
after IN O
prednisolone NN O
is VBZ O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
, , O
and CC O
derives VBZ O
primarily RB O
from IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
and CC O
derives VBZ O
less RBR O
so RB O
from IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
AChR NNP O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
IMPLICATIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
mechanisms NNS O
by IN O
which WDT O
chronic JJ O
glucocorticoid NN O
therapy NN O
alters VBZ O
neuromuscular JJ O
physiology NN O
and CC O
pharmacology NN O
are VBP O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
observed JJ O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
and CC O
derive VBP O
primarily RB O
from IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
and CC O
derive VBP O
less RBR O
from IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
acetylcholine NN O
receptor NN O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Apomorphine NNP O
: : O
an DT O
underutilized JJ O
therapy NN O
for IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Apomorphine NNP O
was VBD O
the DT O
first JJ O
dopaminergic JJ O
drug NN O
ever RB O
used VBN O
to TO O
treat VB O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
powerful JJ O
antiparkinsonian JJ O
effects NNS O
had VBD O
been VBN O
observed VBN O
as RB O
early RB O
as IN O
1951 CD O
, , O
the DT O
potential NN O
of IN O
treating VBG O
fluctuating VBG O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
by IN O
subcutaneous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
apomorphine NN O
has VBZ O
only RB O
recently RB O
become VBN O
the DT O
subject NN O
of IN O
systematic JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
number NN O
of IN O
small JJ O
scale NN O
clinical JJ O
trials NNS O
have VBP O
unequivocally RB O
shown VBN O
that IN O
intermittent JJ O
subcutaneous JJ O
apomorphine NN O
injections NNS O
produce VBP O
antiparkinsonian JJ O
benefit NN O
close JJ O
if IN O
not RB O
identical JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
seen VBN O
with IN O
levodopa NN O
and CC O
that IN O
apomorphine NN O
rescue NN O
injections NNS O
can MD O
reliably RB O
revert VB O
off RB O
- HYPH O
periods NNS O
even RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
complex NN O
on IN O
- HYPH O
off RP O
motor NN O
swings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Continuous JJ O
subcutaneous JJ O
apomorphine NN O
infusions NNS O
can MD O
reduce VB O
daily JJ O
off JJ O
- HYPH O
time NN O
by IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
this DT O
group NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
stronger JJR O
effect NN O
than IN O
that DT O
generally RB O
seen VBN O
with IN O
add VB O
- HYPH O
on IN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
oral JJ O
dopamine NN O
agonists NNS O
or CC O
COMT NNP O
inhibitors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Extended VBN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
studies NNS O
of IN O
up IN O
to TO O
8 CD O
years NNS O
have VBP O
demonstrated VBN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
persistence NN O
of IN O
apomorphine NN O
efficacy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
there EX O
is VBZ O
convincing JJ O
clinical JJ O
evidence NN O
that IN O
monotherapy NN O
with IN O
continuous JJ O
subcutaneous JJ O
apomorphine NN O
infusions NNS O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
marked JJ O
reductions NNS O
of IN O
preexisting JJ O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
main JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
subcutaneous JJ O
apomorphine NN O
treatment NN O
are VBP O
related VBN O
to IN O
cutaneous JJ O
tolerability NN O
problems NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
sedation NN O
and CC O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
complications NNS O
play VBP O
a DT O
lesser JJR O
role NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Given VBN O
the DT O
marked JJ O
degree NN O
of IN O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
subcutaneous JJ O
apomorphine NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
fluctuating VBG O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
this DT O
approach NN O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
deserve VB O
more RBR O
widespread JJ O
clinical JJ O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Probing VBG O
peripheral JJ O
and CC O
central JJ O
cholinergic JJ O
system NN O
responses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
pharmacological JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
act VBP O
on IN O
the DT O
cholinergic JJ O
system NN O
of IN O
the DT O
iris NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
used VBN O
to TO O
predict VB O
deficits NNS O
in IN O
central JJ O
cholinergic JJ O
functioning NN O
due IN O
to IN O
diseases NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
yet CC O
correlations NNS O
between IN O
central JJ O
and CC O
peripheral JJ O
responses NNS O
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
properly RB O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
assessed VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
aging NN O
on IN O
( , O
1 CD O
) SYM O
the DT O
tropicamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
pupil NN O
diameter NN O
, , O
and CC O
( , O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
the DT O
reversal NN O
of IN O
this DT O
effect NN O
with IN O
pilocarpine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Scopolamine NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
positive JJ O
control NN O
to TO O
detect VB O
age NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
central JJ O
cholinergic JJ O
functioning NN O
in IN O
the DT O
elderly JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
Randomized VBN O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind NN O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PARTICIPANTS NNS O
: : O
Ten CD O
healthy JJ O
elderly JJ O
( , O
mean VBP O
age NN O
70 CD O
) CD O
and CC O
9 CD O
young JJ O
( , O
mean VBP O
age NN O
33 CD O
) -RRB- O
volunteers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTERVENTIONS NNS O
: : O
Pupil NN O
diameter NN O
was VBD O
monitored VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
computerized VBN O
infrared JJ O
pupillometer NN O
over IN O
4 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
study NN O
involved VBD O
4 CD O
sessions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
1 CD O
session NN O
, , O
tropicamide NN O
( , O
20 CD O
microL NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
to IN O
one CD O
eye NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
to IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
another DT O
session NN O
, , O
tropicamide NN O
( , O
20 CD O
microL NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
to IN O
both DT O
eyes NNS O
, , O
followed VBN O
23 CD O
minutes NNS O
later RB O
by IN O
the DT O
application NN O
of IN O
pilocarpine NN O
( , O
20 CD O
microL NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
one CD O
eye NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
to IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
eye NN O
drops NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
order NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
2 CD O
separate JJ O
sessions NNS O
, , O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
scopolamine NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
intravenously RB O
) , O
or CC O
placebo NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
effects NNS O
on IN O
word NN O
recall NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
using VBG O
the DT O
Buschke NNP O
Selective NNP O
Reminding NNP O
Test NNP O
over IN O
2 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OUTCOME NN O
MEASURES NNS O
: : O
Pupil NN O
size NN O
at IN O
time NN O
points NNS O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
tropicamide NN O
and CC O
pilocarpine NN O
; , O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
impairment NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
word NN I-Disease
recall NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
between IN O
elderly JJ O
and CC O
young JJ O
volunteers NNS O
in IN O
pupillary NN O
response NN O
to IN O
tropicamide NN O
at IN O
any DT O
time NN O
point NN O
( , O
p NN O
> SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
elderly JJ O
group NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
significantly RB O
greater JJR O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
net JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
pupil NN O
size NN O
85 CD O
, , O
125 CD O
, , O
165 CD O
and CC O
215 CD O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
administration NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
young JJ O
group NN O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
young JJ O
group NN O
, , O
the DT O
elderly JJ O
group NN O
had VBD O
greater JJR O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
impairment NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
word NN I-Disease
recall NN I-Disease
60 CD O
, , O
90 CD O
and CC O
120 CD O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
administration NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
There EX O
is VBZ O
an DT O
age NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
pupillary NN O
response NN O
to IN O
pilocarpine NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
not RB O
found VBN O
with IN O
tropicamide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
pilocarpine NN O
may MD O
be VB O
useful JJ O
to TO O
assess VB O
variations NNS O
in IN O
central JJ O
cholinergic JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
responses NNS O
in IN O
methadone NN O
- HYPH O
maintained VBN O
opioid NN O
abusers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Providing VBG O
pain NN B-Disease
management NN O
for IN O
known VBN O
opioid NN O
abusers NNS O
is VBZ O
a DT O
challenging JJ O
clinical JJ O
task NN O
, , O
in IN O
part NN O
because IN O
little JJ O
is VBZ O
known VBN O
about IN O
their PRP$ O
pain NN B-Disease
experience NN O
and CC O
analgesic JJ O
requirements NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
describe VB O
pain NN B-Disease
tolerance NN O
and CC O
analgesic JJ O
response NN O
in IN O
a DT O
sample NN O
of IN O
opioid JJ B-Disease
addicts NNS I-Disease
stabilized VBN O
in IN O
methadone NN O
- HYPH O
maintenance NN O
( -LRB- O
MM NN O
) -RRB- O
treatment NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
60 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
comparison NN O
to IN O
matched VBN O
nondependent JJ O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
60 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
using VBG O
a DT O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
, , O
two CD O
- HYPH O
way NN O
factorial JJ O
design NN O
, , O
tolerance NN O
to IN O
cold JJ O
- HYPH O
pressor NN O
( -LRB- O
CP NN O
) -RRB- O
pain NN B-Disease
was VBD O
examined VBN O
, , O
both CC O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
therapeutic JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
common JJ O
opioid NN O
( , O
hydromorphone NN O
2 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
nonsteroidal JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
( , O
ketorolac JJ O
10 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
analgesic JJ O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Results NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
MM NNP O
individuals NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
less RBR O
tolerant JJ O
of IN O
CP NNP O
pain NN B-Disease
than IN O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
, , O
replicating VBG O
previous JJ O
work NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Analgesic JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
significant JJ O
neither CC O
for IN O
medication NN O
nor CC O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
MM NNP O
opioid NN O
abusers NNS O
represent VBP O
a DT O
pain NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
intolerant JJ I-Disease
subset NN O
of IN O
clinical JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Their PRP$ O
complaints NNS O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
should MD O
be VB O
evaluated VBN O
seriously RB O
and CC O
managed VBN O
aggressively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
methylprednisolone NN O
may MD O
do VB O
more JJR O
harm NN O
for IN O
spinal JJ B-Disease
cord NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
of IN O
the DT O
National NNP O
Acute NNP O
Spinal NNP B-Disease
Cord NNP I-Disease
Injury NNP I-Disease
Studies NNPS O
( -LRB- O
NASCIS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
methylprednisolone NN O
became VBD O
the DT O
standard NN O
of IN O
care NN O
for IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
spinal JJ B-Disease
cord NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
NASCIS NNP O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
mention NN O
regarding VBG O
the DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
corticosteroid NN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
that IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
methylprednisolone NN O
may MD O
cause VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dosage NN O
of IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
recommended VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
NASCIS NNP O
3 CD O
is VBZ O
the DT O
highest JJS O
dose NN O
of IN O
steroids NNS O
ever RB O
being VBG O
used VBN O
during IN O
a DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
period NN O
for IN O
any DT O
clinical JJ O
condition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
hypothesize VBP O
that IN O
it PRP O
may MD O
cause VB O
some DT O
damage NN B-Disease
to IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
muscle NN I-Disease
of IN O
spinal JJ B-Disease
cord NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further RB O
, , O
steroid NN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
recovers VBZ O
naturally RB O
and CC O
the DT O
neurological JJ O
improvement NN O
shown VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
NASCIS NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
just RB O
a DT O
recording NN O
of IN O
this DT O
natural JJ O
motor NN O
recovery NN O
from IN O
the DT O
steroid NN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
instead RB O
of IN O
any DT O
protection NN O
that IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
offers VBZ O
to IN O
the DT O
spinal JJ B-Disease
cord NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
our PRP$ O
knowledge NN O
, , O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
discussion NN O
considering VBG O
the DT O
possibility NN O
that IN O
the DT O
methylprednisolone NN O
recommended VBN O
by IN O
NASCIS NNP O
may MD O
cause VB O
acute JJ O
corticosteroid NN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conversion NN O
to IN O
rapamycin NN O
immunosuppression NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
: : O
report NN O
of IN O
an DT O
initial JJ O
experience NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
is VBZ O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
RAPA NNP O
conversion NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
cyclosporine NN O
( , O
CsA NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
tacrolimus NN O
( HYPH O
Tac NNP O
) -RRB- O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Twenty CD O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
were VBD O
switched VBN O
to IN O
fixed VBN O
dose NN O
rapamycin NN O
( , O
RAPA NNP O
) -RRB- O
( : O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) SYM O
0 CD O
to TO O
204 CD O
months NNS O
posttransplant NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drug NN O
monitoring NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
initially RB O
used VBN O
to TO O
adjust VB O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
indications NNS O
for IN O
switch NN O
were VBD O
chronic JJ O
CsA NNP O
or CC O
Tac NNP O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
12 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
acute NN O
CsA NNP O
or CC O
Tac NNP O
toxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
severe JJ O
facial JJ B-Disease
dysmorphism NN I-Disease
( , O
2 CD O
) NN O
, , O
posttransplant NN B-Disease
lymphoproliferative JJ I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
( , O
PTLD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
remission NN O
( , O
2 CD O
) NN O
, , O
and CC O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
1 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Follow VB O
- HYPH O
up NN O
is VBZ O
7 CD O
to TO O
24 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
the DT O
12 CD O
patients NNS O
switched VBN O
because IN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
[ -LRB- O
233 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
34 CD O
to IN O
210 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
56 CD O
micromol NN O
/ SYM O
liter NN O
( HYPH O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
] -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Facial JJ B-Disease
dysmorphism NN I-Disease
improved VBD O
in IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
relapse NN O
of IN O
PTLD NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
pneumonia NN B-Disease
( , O
two CD O
Pneumocystis NN B-Disease
carinii NN I-Disease
pneumonia NN I-Disease
, , O
one CD O
infectious JJ B-Disease
mononucleosis NN I-Disease
with IN O
polyclonal JJ O
PTLD NN B-Disease
lung NN O
infiltrate NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
two CD O
had VBD O
bronchiolitis NN B-Disease
obliterans NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
deaths NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RAPA NNP O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
in IN O
four CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
because IN O
of IN O
pneumonia NN B-Disease
in IN O
two CD O
, , O
PTLD NN B-Disease
in IN O
one CD O
, , O
and CC O
oral JJ O
aphtous JJ B-Disease
ulcers NNS I-Disease
in IN O
one CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RAPA NNP O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
high JJ O
( : O
> SYM O
15 CD O
ng CD O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
7 CD O
of IN O
13 CD O
( SYM O
54 CD O
% NN O
) , O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
RAPA NNP O
conversion NN O
provides VBZ O
adequate JJ O
immunosuppression NN O
to TO O
enable VB O
CsA NNP O
withdrawal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
when WRB O
converting VBG O
patients NNS O
to IN O
RAPA NNP O
drug NN O
levels NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
monitored VBN O
to TO O
avoid VB O
over IN O
- HYPH O
immunosuppression NN O
and CC O
adequate JJ O
antiviral JJ O
and CC O
Pneumocystis NNP B-Disease
carinii NN I-Disease
pneumonia NN I-Disease
prophylaxis NN O
should MD O
be VB O
given VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electro NN O
- HYPH O
oculography NN O
, , O
electroretinography NN O
, , O
visual JJ O
evoked VBN O
potentials NNS O
, , O
and CC O
multifocal JJ O
electroretinography NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
vigabatrin NN O
- HYPH O
attributed VBN O
visual JJ B-Disease
field NN I-Disease
constriction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
Symptomatic JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
field NN I-Disease
constriction NN I-Disease
thought VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
vigabatrin NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
current JJ O
study NN O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
visual JJ O
fields NNS O
and CC O
visual JJ O
electrophysiology NN O
of IN O
eight CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
known VBN O
vigabatrin NN O
- HYPH O
attributed VBN O
visual JJ B-Disease
field NN I-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
, , O
three CD O
of IN O
whom WP O
were VBD O
reported VBN O
previously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
no RB O
longer RBR O
receiving VBG O
vigabatrin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
central JJ O
and CC O
peripheral JJ O
fields NNS O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
Humphrey NNP O
Visual NNP O
Field NNP O
Analyzer NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Full JJ O
visual JJ O
electrophysiology NN O
, , O
including VBG O
flash NN O
electroretinography NN O
( , O
ERG NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
pattern NN O
electroretinography NN O
, , O
multifocal JJ O
ERG NNP O
using VBG O
the DT O
VERIS NNP O
system NN O
, , O
electro NN O
- HYPH O
oculography NN O
, , O
and CC O
flash NN O
and CC O
pattern NN O
visual NN O
evoked VBN O
potentials NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Seven CD O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
marked JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
field NN I-Disease
constriction NN I-Disease
with IN O
some DT O
sparing NN O
of IN O
the DT O
temporal JJ O
visual JJ O
field NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
eighth JJ O
exhibited VBD O
concentric JJ O
constriction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Most JJS O
electrophysiological JJ O
responses NNS O
were VBD O
usually RB O
just RB O
within IN O
normal JJ O
limits NNS O
; : O
two CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
subnormal JJ O
Arden NNP O
electro JJ O
- HYPH O
oculography NN O
indices NNS O
; : O
and CC O
one CD O
patient NN O
showed VBD O
an DT O
abnormally RB O
delayed VBN O
photopic JJ O
b NN O
wave NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
five CD O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
delayed JJ O
30 CD O
- HYPH O
Hz NN O
flicker NN O
b NN O
waves NNS O
, , O
and CC O
seven CD O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
delayed VBN O
oscillatory JJ O
potentials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Multifocal JJ O
ERG NNP O
showed VBD O
abnormalities NNS O
that WDT O
sometimes RB O
correlated VBD O
with IN O
the DT O
visual JJ O
field NN O
appearance NN O
and CC O
confirmed VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
deficit NN O
occurs VBZ O
at IN O
the DT O
retinal JJ O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Marked JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
field NN I-Disease
constriction NN I-Disease
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
vigabatrin NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
field NN O
defects NNS O
and CC O
some DT O
electrophysiological JJ O
abnormalities NNS O
persist VBP O
when WRB O
vigabatrin NN O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
withdrawn VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
during IN O
dobutamine NN O
stress NN O
echocardiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dobutamine NN O
stress NN O
echocardiography NN O
( -LRB- O
DSE NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
useful JJ O
and CC O
safe JJ O
provocation NN O
test NN O
for IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Until IN O
now RB O
, , O
the DT O
test NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
focused VBN O
only RB O
on IN O
the DT O
organic JJ O
lesion NN O
in IN O
the DT O
coronary JJ O
artery NN O
, , O
and CC O
positive JJ O
DSE NNP O
has VBZ O
indicated VBN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
significant JJ O
fixed VBN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
is VBZ O
to TO O
examine VB O
whether IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
induced VBN O
by IN O
dobutamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
performed VBD O
DSE NNP O
on IN O
51 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
spastic JJ I-Disease
angina NN I-Disease
but CC O
without IN O
significant JJ O
fixed VBN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
anginal JJ B-Disease
attacks NNS O
at IN O
rest NN O
with IN O
ST NNP O
elevation NN O
on IN O
the DT O
electrocardiogram NN O
( , O
variant JJ B-Disease
angina NN I-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coronary JJ O
spasm NN O
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
intracoronary JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
acetylcholine NN O
, , O
and CC O
no DT O
fixed VBN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
was VBD O
documented VBN O
on IN O
angiograms NNS O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DSE NNP O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
dobutamine NN O
infusion NN O
with IN O
an DT O
incremental JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
5 CD O
, , O
10 CD O
, , O
20 CD O
, , O
30 CD O
, , O
and CC O
40 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
every DT O
5 CD O
minutes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
51 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
7 CD O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
asynergy NN O
with IN O
ST NNP O
elevation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
7 CD O
patients NNS O
( SYM O
13 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
during IN O
asynergy NN O
, , O
and CC O
both CC O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
and CC O
electrocardiographic JJ O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
preceded VBN O
by IN O
asynergy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
dobutamine NN O
can MD O
provoke VB O
coronary JJ B-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
in IN O
some DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
spastic JJ I-Disease
angina NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
DSE NNP O
is VBZ O
performed VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
not RB O
only RB O
fixed VBN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
, , O
but CC O
also RB O
coronary JJ B-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
genesis NN O
of IN O
asynergy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
metoprolol NN O
or CC O
intravenous JJ O
metoprolol NN O
plus CC O
glucagon NN O
on IN O
dobutamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
STUDY NN O
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
metoprolol NN O
on IN O
dobutamine NN O
stress NN O
testing NN O
with IN O
technetium NN O
- HYPH O
99m CD O
sestamibi NN O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
photon NN O
emission NN O
computed VBN O
tomography NN O
imaging NN O
and CC O
ST NN O
- HYPH O
segment NN O
monitoring NN O
, , O
and CC O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
impact NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
glucagon NN O
on IN O
metoprolol NN O
' '' O
s NNS O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
Randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING NN O
: : O
Community NN O
hospital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
: : O
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
two CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
known VBN O
reversible JJ O
perfusion NN O
defects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTERVENTION NN O
: : O
Patients NNS O
underwent VBD O
dobutamine NN O
stress NN O
tests NNS O
per IN O
standard JJ O
protocol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Before IN O
dobutamine NN O
was VBD O
begun VBN O
, , O
no DT O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
visit NN O
, , O
and CC O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
on IN O
subsequent JJ O
visits NNS O
to TO O
receive VB O
metoprolol NN O
or CC O
metoprolol NN O
plus CC O
glucagon NN O
1 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metoprolol NNP O
was VBD O
dosed VBN O
to TO O
achieve VB O
a DT O
resting VBG O
predobutamine NN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
below IN O
65 CD O
beats NNS O
/ SYM O
minute NN O
or CC O
a DT O
total JJ O
intravenous JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
20 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MEASUREMENTS NNS O
AND CC O
MAIN JJ O
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Metoprolol NNP O
reduced VBD O
maximum JJ O
heart NN O
rate NN O
31 CD O
% NN O
, , O
summed VBN O
stress NN O
scores NNS O
29 CD O
% NN O
, , O
and CC O
summed VBN O
difference NN O
scores NNS O
43 CD O
% NN O
versus IN O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metoprolol NN O
plus CC O
glucagon NN O
also RB O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
maximum JJ O
heart NN O
rate NN O
29 CD O
% NN O
versus IN O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Summed VBN O
stress NN O
and CC O
summed JJ O
difference NN O
scores NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
, , O
although IN O
they PRP O
were VBD O
18 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
30 CD O
% NN O
lower JJR O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
than IN O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
any DT O
parameter NN O
between IN O
metoprolol NN O
and CC O
metoprolol NN O
- HYPH O
glucagon NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
During IN O
dobutamine JJ O
stress NN O
testing NN O
, , O
metoprolol NN O
attenuates VBZ O
or CC O
eliminates VBZ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glucagon NNP O
1 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
although IN O
somewhat RB O
effective JJ O
, , O
does VBZ O
not RB O
correct VB O
this DT O
effect NN O
to IN O
the DT O
extent NN O
that IN O
it PRP O
can MD O
be VB O
administered VBN O
clinically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Evidence NN O
of IN O
functional JJ O
somatotopy NN O
in IN O
GPi NNP O
from IN O
results NNS O
of IN O
pallidotomy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
objective NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
explore VB O
the DT O
functional JJ O
anatomy NN O
of IN O
the DT O
globus NN O
pallidus NN O
internus NN O
( , O
GPi NNP O
) -RRB- O
by IN O
studying VBG O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
unilateral JJ O
pallidotomy NN O
on IN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
' '' O
off IN O
' '' O
signs NNS O
and CC O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
( -LRB- O
LID NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
found VBD O
significant JJ O
positive JJ O
correlations NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
preoperative JJ O
levodopa NN O
responsiveness NN O
of IN O
motor NN O
signs NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
levodopa NN O
responsiveness NN O
of IN O
scores NNS O
in IN O
timed JJ O
tests NNS O
( , O
Core NNP O
Assessment NNP O
Program NNP O
for IN O
Intracerebral NNP O
Transplantations NNPS O
) , O
in IN O
the DT O
contralateral JJ O
limbs NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
improvement NN O
in IN O
these DT O
scores NNS O
after IN O
surgery NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
correlation NN O
with IN O
the DT O
improvement NN O
in IN O
LID NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
also RB O
found VBD O
a DT O
highly RB O
significant JJ O
correlation NN O
( : O
P NN O
: : O
< CD O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
, , O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
between IN O
the DT O
volume NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ventral JJ O
lesion NN O
in IN O
the DT O
GPi NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
improvement NN O
in IN O
LID NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
contralateral JJ O
limbs NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
correlation NN O
between IN O
the DT O
ventral JJ O
volume NN O
and CC O
the DT O
improvement NN O
in IN O
parkinsonian JJ B-Disease
' '' O
off IN O
' '' O
signs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
volumes NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
lesion NN O
cylinder NN O
and CC O
the DT O
dorsal JJ O
lesion NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
correlate VB O
with IN O
the DT O
outcome NN O
of IN O
either CC O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
or CC O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
' '' O
off IN O
' '' O
signs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
differential JJ O
predictive JJ O
value NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
responsiveness NN O
for IN O
the DT O
outcome NN O
of IN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
' '' O
off IN O
' '' O
signs NNS O
and CC O
LID NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
different JJ O
correlations NNS O
of IN O
ventral JJ O
lesion NN O
volume NN O
with IN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
and CC O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
' '' O
off RB O
' '' O
signs NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
different JJ O
anatomical JJ O
or CC O
pathophysiological JJ O
substrates NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
generation NN O
of IN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
' '' O
off IN O
' '' O
signs NNS O
and CC O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whereas IN O
cells NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
wider JJR O
area NN O
of IN O
the DT O
GPi NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
ventral JJ O
GPi NNP O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
crucial JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
manifestation NN O
of IN O
LID NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
our PRP$ O
observations NNS O
are VBP O
additional JJ O
proof NN O
of IN O
the DT O
functional JJ O
somatotopy NN O
of IN O
the DT O
systems NNS O
within IN O
the DT O
GPi NNP O
that WDT O
mediate VBP O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
and CC O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
, , O
especially RB O
along IN O
the DT O
dorsoventral JJ O
trajectory NN O
used VBN O
in IN O
pallidotomy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
outcome NN O
of IN O
pallidotomy NN O
in IN O
which WDT O
the DT O
lesion NN O
involves VBZ O
the DT O
ventral JJ O
and CC O
dorsal JJ O
GPi NNP O
could MD O
be VB O
the DT O
net JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
alteration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
activity NN O
of IN O
pathways NNS O
which WDT O
mediate VBP O
different JJ O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
and CC O
hence RB O
could MD O
be VB O
variable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Screening NN O
for IN O
stimulant JJ O
use NN O
in IN O
adult NN O
emergency NN O
department NN O
seizure NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
objective NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
positive JJ O
plasma NN O
drug NN O
screening NN O
for IN O
cocaine NN O
or CC O
amphetamine NN O
in IN O
adult NN O
emergency NN O
department NN O
seizure NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
evaluated VBD O
consecutive JJ O
eligible JJ O
seizure NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
a DT O
plasma NN O
sample NN O
collected VBN O
as IN O
part NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
clinical JJ O
evaluation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NNP O
was VBD O
tested VBN O
for IN O
amphetamine NN O
and CC O
the DT O
cocaine NN O
metabolite NN O
benzoylecgonine NN O
using VBG O
enzyme NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
immunoassay NN O
methodology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
samples NNS O
with IN O
benzoylecgonine NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
150 CD O
ng NNS O
/ SYM O
mL NN O
or CC O
an DT O
amphetamine NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
500 CD O
ng NNS O
/ SYM O
mL NNS O
were VBD O
defined VBN O
as IN O
positive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patient JJ O
demographics NNS O
, , O
history NN O
of IN O
underlying VBG O
drug NN O
or CC O
alcohol NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
disorder NN O
, , O
estimated VBN O
time NN O
from IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
to IN O
sample NN O
collection NN O
, , O
history NN O
or CC O
suspicion NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN B-Disease
or CC I-Disease
amphetamine NN I-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
, , O
results NNS O
of IN O
clinical JJ O
urine NN O
testing NN O
for IN O
drugs NNS O
of IN O
abuse NN O
, , O
and CC O
assay NN O
results NNS O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
without IN O
patient JJ O
identifiers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Fourteen CD O
of IN O
248 CD O
( SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
2 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
- HYPH O
8 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
) , O
plasma NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
positive JJ O
by IN O
immunoassay NN O
testing NN O
for IN O
benzoylecgonine NN O
and CC O
no DT O
samples NNS O
( : O
0 CD O
% NN O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
positive JJ O
for IN O
amphetamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Positive JJ O
test NN O
results NNS O
were VBD O
more RBR O
common JJ O
in IN O
patient JJ O
visits NNS O
where WRB O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
history NN O
or CC O
suspicion NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN B-Disease
or CC I-Disease
amphetamine NN I-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
0005 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
During IN O
this DT O
study NN O
period NN O
, , O
routine JJ O
plasma NN O
screening NN O
for IN O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
amphetamines NNS O
in IN O
adult NN O
seizure NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
low JJ O
yield NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
a DT O
result NN O
, , O
routine JJ O
plasma NN O
screening NN O
would MD O
yield VB O
few JJ O
cases NNS O
of IN O
stimulant JJ O
drug NN O
in IN O
which WDT O
there EX O
was VBD O
neither CC O
a DT O
history NN O
nor CC O
suspicion NN O
of IN O
drug NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Contribution NN O
of IN O
sodium NN O
valproate NN O
to IN O
the DT O
syndrome NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
inappropriate JJ I-Disease
secretion NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
antidiuretic JJ I-Disease
hormone NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
62 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
sodium NN O
valproate NN O
( , O
VPA NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
who WP O
subsequently RB O
developed VBD O
the DT O
syndrome NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
inappropriate JJ I-Disease
secretion NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
antidiuretic JJ I-Disease
hormone NN I-Disease
( , O
SIADH NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
taking VBG O
VPA NNP O
for IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
idiopathic JJ O
generalized VBN O
tonic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
clonic JJ I-Disease
convulsions NNS I-Disease
since IN O
he PRP O
was VBD O
56 CD O
years NNS O
old JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
substituting VBG O
VPA NNP O
with IN O
zonisamide NN O
, , O
the DT O
serum NN O
sodium NN O
level NN O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
consider VBP O
this DT O
episode NN O
of IN O
SIADH NNP B-Disease
to TO O
be VB O
the DT O
result NN O
of IN O
a DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
factors NNS O
including VBG O
a DT O
weakness NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
central JJ I-Disease
nervous JJ I-Disease
system NN I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
administration NN O
of IN O
VPA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Association NN O
of IN O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
production NN O
and CC O
apoptosis NN O
in IN O
a DT O
model NN O
of IN O
experimental JJ O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
In IN O
recent JJ O
studies NNS O
increased VBN O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
( -LRB- O
NO NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
apoptosis NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
various JJ O
pathological JJ O
conditions NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
studied VBN O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
NO NNP O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
association NN O
with IN O
apoptosis NN O
in IN O
an DT O
experimental JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
( -LRB- O
ADR NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
alteration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
NO NNP O
pathway NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
measuring VBG O
nitrite NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
serum NN O
/ SYM O
urine NN O
and CC O
by IN O
evaluating VBG O
the DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
vascular JJ O
reactivity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
isolated VBN O
perfused VBN O
rat NN O
kidney NN O
( -LRB- O
IPRK NNP O
) -RRB- O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
were VBD O
stratified VBN O
into IN O
control NN O
groups NNS O
and CC O
ADR NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
then RB O
divided VBN O
into IN O
: : O
group NN O
1 CD O
, , O
animals NNS O
receiving VBG O
saline NN O
; : O
and CC O
group NN O
2 CD O
, , O
animals NNS O
receiving VBG O
aminoguanidine NN O
( , O
AG NNP O
) -RRB- O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
a DT O
specific JJ O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
inducible JJ O
- HYPH O
NO NNP O
synthase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
day NN O
21 CD O
, , O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
sacrificed VBN O
after IN O
obtaining VBG O
material NN O
for IN O
biochemical JJ O
analysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Histopathological JJ O
examination NN O
of IN O
the DT O
kidneys NNS O
of IN O
rats NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
ADR NNP O
revealed VBD O
focal JJ O
areas NNS O
of IN O
mesangial JJ B-Disease
proliferation NN I-Disease
and CC O
mild JJ O
tubulointerstitial JJ B-Disease
inflammation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
also RB O
had VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
levels NNS O
of IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
control NN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urine NN O
nitrite NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
ADR NNP O
- HYPH O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
group NN O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
IPRK NNP O
phenylephrine NN O
and CC O
acetylcholine NN O
related VBN O
responses NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
impaired VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
ADR NNP O
- HYPH O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Apoptosis NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
detected VBN O
in IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
ADR NNP O
- HYPH O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
group NN O
, , O
numerous JJ O
apoptotic JJ O
cells NNS O
were VBD O
identified VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
tubulointerstitial JJ O
areas NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Double JJ O
staining NN O
revealed VBD O
numerous JJ O
interstitial JJ O
apoptotic JJ O
cells NNS O
to TO O
stain VB O
for IN O
ED1 NNP O
, , O
a DT O
marker NN O
for IN O
monocytes NNS O
/ SYM O
macrophages NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
with IN O
AG NNP O
prevented VBD O
the DT O
impairment NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
vascular JJ O
bed NN O
responses NNS O
and CC O
reduced VBD O
both CC O
urine NN O
nitrite NN O
levels NNS O
and CC O
apoptosis NN O
to TO O
control VB O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
We PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
interactions NNS O
between IN O
NO NNP O
and CC O
apoptosis NN O
are VBP O
important JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ADR NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dual JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
melatonin NN O
on IN O
barbiturate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
narcosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Melatonin NN O
affects VBZ O
the DT O
circadian JJ O
sleep NN O
/ SYM O
wake NN O
cycle NN O
, , O
but CC O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
clear JJ O
whether IN O
it PRP O
may MD O
influence VB O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
narcosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sodium NN O
thiopenthal NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
intraperitoneally RB O
into IN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
with IN O
melatonin NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
and CC O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Melatonin NNP O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
treatment NN O
affected VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
dual JJ O
manner NN O
barbiturate JJ O
narcosis NN B-Disease
, , O
however RB O
, , O
no DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
correlation NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
particular JJ O
, , O
low JJ O
doses NNS O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
latency NN O
to IN O
and CC O
prolonged VBN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
barbiturate NN O
narcosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
the DT O
highest JJS O
dose NN O
of IN O
melatonin NN O
( : O
50 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
caused VBD O
a DT O
paradoxical JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
latency NN O
and CC O
produced VBD O
a DT O
sustained JJ O
reduction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
narcosis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
mortality NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Melatonin NNP O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
and CC O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
influenced VBD O
the DT O
duration NN O
but CC O
not RB O
the DT O
latency NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
- , O
or CC O
diazepam NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
narcosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
the DT O
dual JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
melatonin NN O
on IN O
pharmacological JJ O
narcosis NN B-Disease
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
specific JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
barbiturate JJ O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reduced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
preserved VBN O
antitumor JJ O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
liposome NN O
- HYPH O
encapsulated VBN O
doxorubicin NN O
and CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
conventional JJ O
doxorubicin NN O
and CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
in IN O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
, , O
multicenter JJ O
trial NN O
of IN O
metastatic JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
To TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
Myocet NNP O
( , O
liposome NN O
- HYPH O
encapsulated VBN O
doxorubicin NN O
; : O
The DT O
Liposome NNP O
Company NNP O
, , O
Elan NNP O
Corporation NNP O
, , O
Princeton NNP O
, , O
NJ NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
significantly RB O
reduces VBZ O
doxorubicin NN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
while IN O
providing VBG O
comparable JJ O
antitumor NN O
efficacy NN O
in IN O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
line NN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
metastatic JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
MBC NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Two CD O
hundred CD O
ninety CD O
- HYPH O
seven CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
MBC NNP B-Disease
and CC O
no DT O
prior JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
for IN O
metastatic JJ O
disease NN O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
either CC O
60 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) CD O
of IN O
Myocet NNP O
( -LRB- O
M NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
conventional JJ O
doxorubicin NN O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
600 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) CD O
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
( -LRB- O
C NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
every DT O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
until IN O
disease NN O
progression NN O
or CC O
unacceptable JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
defined VBN O
by IN O
reductions NNS O
in IN O
left JJ O
- HYPH O
ventricular JJ O
ejection NN O
fraction NN O
, , O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
serial JJ O
multigated VBN O
radionuclide NN O
angiography NN O
scans NNS O
, , O
or CC O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
CHF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antitumor NN O
efficacy NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
objective JJ O
tumor NN B-Disease
response NN O
rates NNS O
( , O
World NNP O
Health NNP O
Organization NNP O
criteria NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
time NN O
to IN O
progression NN O
, , O
and CC O
survival NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Six CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
MC NNP O
patients NNS O
versus IN O
21 CD O
% NN O
( , O
including VBG O
five CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
CHF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
of IN O
AC NNP O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
. . O
0002 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Median JJ O
cumulative JJ O
doxorubicin NN O
dose NN O
at IN O
onset NN O
was VBD O
more JJR O
than IN O
2 CD O
, , O
220 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NNS O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) NN O
for IN O
MC NNP O
versus IN O
480 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NNS O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) CD O
for IN O
AC NN O
( HYPH O
P NN O
= SYM O
. . O
0001 CD O
, , O
hazard NN O
ratio NN O
, , O
5 CD O
. . O
04 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MC NNP O
patients NNS O
also RB O
experienced VBD O
less JJR O
grade NN O
4 CD O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antitumor JJ O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
MC NNP O
versus IN O
AC NNP O
was VBD O
comparable JJ O
: : O
objective JJ O
response NN O
rates NNS O
, , O
43 CD O
% NN O
versus IN O
43 CD O
% NN O
; , O
median JJ O
time NN O
to IN O
progression NN O
, , O
5 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
versus IN O
5 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
months NNS O
; : O
median JJ O
time NN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
failure NN O
, , O
4 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
versus IN O
4 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
months NNS O
; : O
and CC O
median JJ O
survival NN O
, , O
19 CD O
versus IN O
16 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Myocet NN O
improves VBZ O
the DT O
therapeutic JJ O
index NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
by IN O
significantly RB O
reducing VBG O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
grade NN O
4 CD O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
and CC O
provides VBZ O
comparable JJ O
antitumor NN O
efficacy NN O
, , O
when WRB O
used VBN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
as IN O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
line NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
MBC NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
role NN O
of IN O
nitrergic JJ O
system NN O
in IN O
lidocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsion NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
mouse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
N NN O
- HYPH O
nitro NN O
- HYPH O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
ester NN O
( , O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
NAME NNP O
) -RRB- O
a DT O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
( -LRB- O
NO NNP O
) -RRB- O
synthase NN O
inhibitor NN O
and CC O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
, , O
a DT O
NO NNP O
precursor NN O
, , O
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
on IN O
lidocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
experiment NN O
, , O
four CD O
groups NNS O
of IN O
mice NNS O
received VBD O
physiological JJ O
saline NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine NN O
( , O
300 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
NAME NNP O
( : O
100 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
diazepam NN O
( , O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
these DT O
injections NNS O
, , O
all DT O
mice NNS O
received VBD O
lidocaine NN O
( , O
50 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
experiment NN O
, , O
four CD O
groups NNS O
of IN O
mice NNS O
received VBD O
similar JJ O
treatment NN O
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
experiment NN O
, , O
and CC O
30 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
these DT O
injections NNS O
, , O
all DT O
mice NNS O
received VBD O
a DT O
higher JJR O
dose NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
( : O
80 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
L NNP O
- HYPH O
NAME NNP O
( : O
100 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
diazepam NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
significantly RB O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
( , O
50 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
the DT O
L NN O
- HYPH O
arginine JJ O
treatment NN O
increased VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
( , O
80 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
significantly RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
may MD O
suggest VB O
that IN O
NO NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
proconvulsant JJ O
mediator NN O
in IN O
lidocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Erythropoietin NN O
restores VBZ O
the DT O
anemia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
cytotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
rat NN O
tumors NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
impact NN O
of IN O
anemia NN B-Disease
prevention NN O
by IN O
recombinant JJ O
human NN O
erythropoietin NN O
( , O
rHuEPO NNP O
) -RRB- O
treatment NN O
on IN O
the DT O
cytotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
in IN O
solid JJ O
experimental JJ O
tumors NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anemia NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
carboplatin NN O
( SYM O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
a DT O
long RB O
- HYPH O
lasting VBG O
reduction NN O
( : O
30 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
the DT O
hemoglobin NN O
concentration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
second JJ O
group NN O
, , O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
anemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
rHuEPO NNP O
( : O
1000 CD O
IU NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
administered VBN O
s NNS O
. . O
c LS O
. . O
three CD O
times NNS O
/ SYM O
week NN O
starting VBG O
7 CD O
days NNS O
before IN O
carboplatin NN O
application NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Four CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
carboplatin NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
tumors NNS B-Disease
( -LRB- O
DS NN O
- HYPH O
sarcoma NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
implanted VBN O
s NNS O
. . O
c LS O
. . O
onto IN O
the DT O
hind JJ O
food NN O
dorsum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neither CC O
carboplatin NN O
nor CC O
rHuEPO NNP O
treatment NN O
influenced VBD O
tumor NN B-Disease
growth NN O
rate NN O
per FW O
se FW O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
tumors NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
( : O
60 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
5 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
implantation NN O
, , O
a DT O
growth NN O
delay NN O
with IN O
a DT O
subsequent JJ O
regrowth NN O
of IN O
the DT O
tumors NNS B-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
anemia NN B-Disease
group NN O
, , O
the DT O
growth NN O
delay NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
shorter JJR O
compared VBN O
with IN O
nonanemic JJ O
controls NNS O
( SYM O
13 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
days NNS O
versus IN O
8 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
group NN O
where WRB O
anemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
rHuEPO NNP O
treatment NN O
, , O
growth NN O
delay NN O
was VBD O
comparable JJ O
with IN O
that DT O
of IN O
nonanemic JJ O
controls NNS O
( : O
13 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
chemotherapy NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
reduces VBZ O
cytotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
in IN O
tumors NNS B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
correction NN O
of IN O
anemia NN B-Disease
by IN O
rHuEPO NNP O
treatment NN O
( , O
epoetin NN O
alpha NN O
) -RRB- O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
sensitivity NN O
, , O
probably RB O
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
an DT O
improved JJ O
oxygen NN O
supply NN O
to IN O
tumor NN B-Disease
tissue NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fatal JJ O
haemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
myocarditis NN I-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
myocarditis NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
but CC O
important JJ O
complication NN O
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Echocardiographic JJ O
identification NN O
of IN O
the DT O
disorder NN O
can MD O
be VB O
made VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
believe VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
ultrasound NN O
features NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
disorder NN O
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
previously RB O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
verapamil NN O
on IN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
and CC O
its PRP$ O
electrophysiological JJ O
determinants NNS O
in IN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Atrial JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
remodeling NN O
promotes VBZ O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
and CC O
maintenance NN O
of IN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
( , O
AF NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
decreases VBZ O
L NN O
- HYPH O
type NN O
Ca NN O
( -LRB- O
2 CD O
+ NN O
) -RRB- O
current NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
also RB O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
suggestion NN O
that IN O
acute JJ O
L NN O
- HYPH O
type NN O
Ca NN O
( -LRB- O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
channel NN O
blockade NN O
can MD O
promote VB O
AF NNP B-Disease
, , O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
an DT O
AF NNP B-Disease
promoting VBG O
effect NN O
of IN O
Ca NN O
( , O
2 CD O
+ CC O
) -RRB- O
channel NN O
inhibition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
potential JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
AF NNP B-Disease
promotion NN O
by IN O
Ca NN O
( , O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
) -RRB- O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
administered VBD O
verapamil NN O
to IN O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
chloralose NN O
anesthetized VBN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diltiazem NNP O
was VBD O
used VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
comparison NN O
drug NN O
and CC O
autonomic JJ O
blockade NN O
with IN O
atropine NN O
and CC O
nadolol NN O
was VBD O
applied VBN O
in IN O
some DT O
experiments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epicardial JJ O
mapping NN O
with IN O
240 CD O
epicardial JJ O
electrodes NNS O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
activation NN O
during IN O
AF NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Verapamil NNP O
caused VBD O
AF NNP B-Disease
promotion NN O
in IN O
six CD O
dogs NNS O
, , O
increasing VBG O
mean JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
AF NNP B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
burst NN O
pacing NN O
, , O
from IN O
8 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
4 CD O
s NNS O
( SYM O
mean JJ O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
S NN O
. . O
E NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
95 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
39 CD O
s NNS O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
vs IN O
. . O
control NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
a DT O
loading NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
and CC O
228 CD O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
101 CD O
s NNS O
( : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
0005 CD O
vs IN O
. . O
control NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Underlying JJ O
electrophysiological JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
detail NN O
in IN O
five CD O
additional JJ O
dogs NNS O
under IN O
control NN O
conditions NNS O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
higher JJR O
dose NN O
of IN O
verapamil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
these DT O
experiments NNS O
, , O
verapamil NN O
shortened VBD O
mean JJ O
effective JJ O
refractory JJ O
period NN O
( , O
ERP NNP O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
122 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
5 CD O
to TO O
114 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
ms NNS O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
a DT O
cycle NN O
length NN O
of IN O
300 CD O
ms NNS O
, , O
decreased VBN O
ERP NNP O
heterogeneity NN O
( , O
from IN O
15 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
1 CD O
to IN O
10 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
1 CD O
% NN O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
heterogeneously RB O
accelerated VBN O
atrial JJ O
conduction NN O
and CC O
decreased VBN O
the DT O
cycle NN O
length NN O
of IN O
AF NNP B-Disease
( : O
94 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
to TO O
84 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
3 CD O
ms NNS O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
005 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diltiazem NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
ERP NNP O
, , O
AF NNP B-Disease
cycle NN O
length NN O
or CC O
AF NNP B-Disease
duration NN O
, , O
but CC O
produced VBD O
conduction NN O
acceleration NN O
similar JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
caused VBN O
by IN O
verapamil NN O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
autonomic JJ O
blockade NN O
, , O
verapamil NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
promote VB O
AF NNP B-Disease
and CC O
increased VBD O
, , O
rather RB O
than IN O
decreasing VBG O
, , O
refractoriness NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neither CC O
verapamil NN O
nor CC O
diltiazem NN O
affected VBD O
atrial JJ O
conduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
autonomic JJ O
blockade NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epicardial JJ O
mapping NN O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
verapamil NN O
promoted VBD O
AF NNP B-Disease
by IN O
increasing VBG O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
simultaneous JJ O
wavefronts NNS O
reflected VBN O
by IN O
separate JJ O
zones NNS O
of IN O
reactivation NN O
in IN O
each DT O
cycle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Verapamil NNP O
promotes VBZ O
AF NNP B-Disease
in IN O
normal JJ O
dogs NNS O
by IN O
promoting VBG O
multiple JJ O
circuit NN O
reentry NN O
, , O
an DT O
effect NN O
dependent JJ O
on IN O
intact JJ O
autonomic JJ O
tone NN O
and CC O
not RB O
shared VBN O
by IN O
diltiazem NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Calcitonin NN O
gene NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
peptide NN O
levels NNS O
during IN O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
headache NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
tension NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
type NN I-Disease
headache NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
proposed VBN O
that IN O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
( -LRB- O
NO NNP O
) -RRB- O
induced VBN O
headache NN B-Disease
in IN O
primary JJ B-Disease
headaches NNS I-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
release NN O
of IN O
calcitonin NN O
gene NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
peptide NN O
( -LRB- O
CGRP NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
we PRP O
aimed VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
CGRP NNP O
during IN O
headache NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
NO NNP O
donor NN O
glyceryl NN O
trinitrate NN O
( -LRB- O
GTN NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
16 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
tension NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
type NN I-Disease
headache NN I-Disease
and CC O
16 CD O
healthy JJ O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
subjects NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
allocated VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
min NNP O
GTN NNP O
or CC O
placebo NN O
over IN O
20 CD O
min NN O
on IN O
two CD O
headache NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
free JJ O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blood NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
collected VBN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
, , O
10 CD O
, , O
20 CD O
and CC O
60 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
start NN O
of IN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
patients NNS O
and CC O
controls NNS O
developed VBD O
significantly RB O
stronger JJR O
immediate JJ O
headache NN B-Disease
on IN O
the DT O
GTN NNP O
day NN O
than IN O
on IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
day NN O
and CC O
the DT O
headache NN B-Disease
was VBD O
significantly RB O
more RBR O
pronounced JJ O
in IN O
patients NNS O
than IN O
in IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
difference NN O
between IN O
the DT O
area NN O
under IN O
the DT O
CGRP NNP O
curve NN O
( , O
AUCCGRP NNP O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
GTN NNP O
vs IN O
. . O
placebo NN O
day NN O
in IN O
either DT O
patients NNS O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
65 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
controls NNS O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
48 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
AUCCGRP NNP O
recorded VBD O
on IN O
the DT O
GTN NNP O
day NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
between IN O
patients NNS O
and CC O
controls NNS O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
36 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both CC O
in IN O
patients NNS O
and CC O
controls NNS O
, , O
CGRP NNP O
levels NNS O
changed VBD O
significantly RB O
over IN O
time NN O
, , O
on IN O
both CC O
the DT O
GTN NNP O
and CC O
placebo NN O
days NNS O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
NO NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
immediate JJ O
headache NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
release NN O
of IN O
CGRP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fluconazole NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
torsade NN B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes FW I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
present VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
fluconazole NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
torsade NN B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes FW I-Disease
( , O
TDP NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
discuss VB O
fluconazole NN O
' '' O
s POS O
role NN O
in IN O
causing VBG O
TDP NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NNP O
SUMMARY NNP O
: : O
A DT O
68 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
white JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
Candida NNP O
glabrata NN O
isolated VBN O
from IN O
a DT O
presacral JJ O
abscess NN O
developed VBD O
TDP NNP B-Disease
eight CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
commencing VBG O
oral JJ O
fluconazole NN O
The DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
other JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
for IN O
TDP NNP B-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
electrolyte NN O
abnormalities NNS O
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
temporal JJ O
association NN O
between IN O
the DT O
initiation NN O
of IN O
fluconazole NN O
and CC O
TDP NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
TDP NNP B-Disease
resolved VBD O
when WRB O
fluconazole NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
continued VBD O
to TO O
have VB O
premature JJ B-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
contractions NNS I-Disease
and CC O
nonsustained JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
( , O
NSVT NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
until IN O
six CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
drug NN O
cessation NN O
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
Use NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Naranjo NNP O
probability NN O
scale NN O
indicates VBZ O
a DT O
probable JJ O
relationship NN O
between IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
fluconazole NN O
and CC O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
TDP NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possible JJ O
mechanism NN O
is VBZ O
depression NN B-Disease
of IN O
rapidly RB O
activating VBG O
delayed VBN O
rectifier NN O
potassium NN O
currents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
our PRP$ O
patient NN O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
other JJ O
etiology NN O
identified VBN O
that WDT O
could MD O
explain VB O
QT NNP B-Disease
prolongation NN I-Disease
or CC O
TDP NNP B-Disease
The DT O
complete JJ O
disappearance NN O
of IN O
NSVT NNP B-Disease
and CC O
premature JJ B-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
contractions NNS I-Disease
followed VBN O
by IN O
normalization NN O
of IN O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
after IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
was VBD O
stopped VBN O
strongly RB O
suggests VBZ O
fluconazole NN O
as IN O
the DT O
etiology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Clinicians NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
that IN O
fluconazole NN O
, , O
even RB O
at IN O
low JJ O
doses NNS O
, , O
may MD O
cause VB O
prolongation NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
QT NNP I-Disease
interval NN I-Disease
, , O
leading VBG O
to IN O
TDP NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serial JJ O
electrocardiographic JJ O
monitoring NN O
may MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
when WRB O
fluconazole NN O
is VBZ O
administered VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
at IN O
risk NN O
for IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cutaneous JJ B-Disease
leucocytoclastic JJ I-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
oxacillin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
67 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
oxacillin NN O
for IN O
one CD O
week NN O
because IN O
of IN O
Staphylococcus NNP B-Disease
aureus NN I-Disease
bacteremia NN I-Disease
, , O
developed VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
diffuse JJ O
, , O
symmetric JJ O
, , O
palpable JJ O
purpuric JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
on IN O
his PRP$ O
feet NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Necrotic JJ B-Disease
blisters NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
noted VBN O
on IN O
his PRP$ O
fingers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Skin NN O
biopsies NNS O
showed VBD O
findings NNS O
diagnostic JJ O
of IN O
leucocytoclastic JJ B-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oxacillin NNP O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
and CC O
patient NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rash NN B-Disease
disappeared VBD O
after IN O
three CD O
weeks NNS O
and CC O
renal JJ O
function NN O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Leucocytoclastic JJ B-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
presents VBZ O
as IN O
palpable JJ O
purpura NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
lower JJR O
extremities NNS O
often RB O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
abdominal JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
arthralgia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
involvement NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Etiologic JJ O
factors NNS O
or CC O
associated VBN O
disorders NNS O
include VBP O
infections NNS B-Disease
, , O
medications NNS O
, , O
collagen NN B-Disease
vascular NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
and CC O
neoplasia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
in IN O
half NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cases NNS O
no DT O
etiologic JJ O
factor NN O
is VBZ O
identified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Usually RB O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
self NN O
- HYPH O
limited VBN O
disorder NN O
, , O
but CC O
corticosteroid NN O
therapy NN O
may MD O
be VB O
needed VBN O
in IN O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
cases NNS O
since IN O
early JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
in IN O
severe JJ O
cases NNS O
can MD O
prevent VB O
complications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oxacillin NNP O
should MD O
be VB O
included VBN O
among IN O
the DT O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
can MD O
cause VB O
leucocytoclastic JJ B-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
renal JJ O
pathology NN O
in IN O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
necropsy NN O
microscopy NN O
shoed VBD O
unique JJ O
and CC O
extensive JJ O
damage NN O
to IN O
cells NNS O
lining VBG O
the DT O
distal JJ O
nephron NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
these DT O
changes NNS O
represent VBP O
a DT O
specific JJ O
toxic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
, , O
reported VBN O
here RB O
for IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
time NN O
in IN O
man NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cholestatic JJ B-Disease
jaundice NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
metformin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
jaundice NN I-Disease
shortly RB O
after IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
metformin NN O
hydrochloride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ultrasound NN O
of IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
and CC O
abdominal JJ O
CT NNP O
were VBD O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
ERCP NNP O
showed VBD O
normal JJ O
biliary JJ O
anatomy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
percutaneous JJ O
liver NN O
biopsy NN O
was VBD O
obtained VBN O
showing VBG O
marked JJ O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
, , O
with IN O
portal JJ O
edema NN B-Disease
, , O
ductular JJ O
proliferation NN O
, , O
and CC O
acute JJ O
inflammation NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metformin NN O
hydrochloride NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
jaundice NN B-Disease
resolved VBD O
slowly RB O
over IN O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
several JJ O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Given VBN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
his PRP$ O
jaundice NN B-Disease
2 CD O
wk NN O
after IN O
the DT O
initiation NN O
of IN O
metformin NN O
, , O
we PRP O
believe VBP O
that IN O
this DT O
case NN O
represents VBZ O
an DT O
example NN O
of IN O
metformin NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
first JJ O
such JJ O
case NN O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systemic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
resuscitation NN O
in IN O
bupivacaine NN O
- : O
, , O
levobupivacaine NN O
- , O
, , O
or CC O
ropivacaine NN O
- HYPH O
infused VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
compared VBD O
the DT O
systemic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
bupivacaine NN O
, , O
levobupivacaine NN O
, , O
and CC O
ropivacaine NN O
in IN O
anesthetized JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
also RB O
compared VBD O
the DT O
ability NN O
to TO O
resuscitate VB O
rats NNS O
after IN O
lethal JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
local JJ O
anesthetics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bupivacaine NN O
, , O
levobupivacaine NN O
, , O
or CC O
ropivacaine NN O
was VBD O
infused VBN O
at IN O
a DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
kg NNP O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
min NNP O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
while IN O
electrocardiogram NN O
, , O
electroencephalogram NN O
, , O
and CC O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
were VBD O
continuously RB O
monitored VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
asystole NN B-Disease
was VBD O
recorded VBN O
, , O
drug NN O
infusion NN O
was VBD O
stopped VBN O
and CC O
a DT O
resuscitation NN O
sequence NN O
was VBD O
begun VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epinephrine NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
at IN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
min NN O
intervals NNS O
while IN O
external JJ O
cardiac JJ O
compressions NNS O
were VBD O
applied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Resuscitation NN O
was VBD O
considered VBN O
successful JJ O
when WRB O
a DT O
systolic JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
> : O
or CC O
= SYM O
100 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NNP O
was VBD O
achieved VBN O
within IN O
5 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cumulative JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
levobupivacaine NN O
and CC O
ropivacaine NN O
that WDT O
produced VBD O
seizures NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
similar JJ O
and CC O
were VBD O
larger JJR O
than IN O
those DT O
of IN O
bupivacaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cumulative JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
levobupivacaine NN O
that WDT O
produced VBD O
dysrhythmias NNS B-Disease
and CC O
asystole NN B-Disease
were VBD O
smaller JJR O
than IN O
the DT O
corresponding VBG O
doses NNS O
of IN O
ropivacaine NN O
, , O
but CC O
they PRP O
were VBD O
larger JJR O
than IN O
those DT O
of IN O
bupivacaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
number NN O
of IN O
successful JJ O
resuscitations NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
among IN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
a DT O
smaller JJR O
dose NN O
of IN O
epinephrine NN O
was VBD O
required VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
Ropivacaine NNP O
group NN O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
systemic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
levobupivacaine NN O
is VBZ O
intermediate JJ O
between IN O
that DT O
of IN O
ropivacaine NN O
and CC O
bupivacaine NN O
when WRB O
administered VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
rate NN O
and CC O
that IN O
ropivacaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
more RBR O
susceptible JJ O
to IN O
treatment NN O
than IN O
that DT O
induced VBN O
by IN O
bupivacaine NN O
or CC O
levobupivacaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amphotericin NNP O
B NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
multiple JJ O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
activity NN O
in IN O
an DT O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
patent NN O
following VBG O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
SUMMARY NN O
: : O
A DT O
46 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
African JJ O
- HYPH O
American JJ O
man NN O
experienced VBD O
recurrent JJ O
grand JJ B-Disease
mal NN I-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
during IN O
intravenous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
, , O
then RB O
petit NN O
mal NN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
as IN O
the DT O
infusion NN O
was VBD O
stopped VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
drug NN O
concentrations NNS O
decreased VBD O
with IN O
time NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patients NNS O
concurrent JJ O
medications NNS O
included VBD O
didanosine NN O
, , O
hydroxyzine NN O
, , O
promethazine NN O
, , O
hydrocortisone NN O
, , O
and CC O
prochlorperazine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
phenytoin NN O
and CC O
lorazepam NN O
, , O
the DT O
seizures NNS B-Disease
persisted VBD O
and CC O
occurred VBD O
only RB O
during IN O
amphotercin NN O
B NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
and CC O
cryptococcal JJ B-Disease
meningitis NN I-Disease
, , O
both DT O
of IN O
which WDT O
the DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
, , O
can MD O
potentially RB O
cause VB O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
alcohol NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
; : O
alcohol NN O
intake NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
withdrawal NN O
can MD O
also RB O
cause VB O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Didanosine NNP O
also RB O
has VBZ O
a DT O
potential NN O
for IN O
inducing VBG O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
these DT O
other JJ O
potential JJ O
causes NNS O
of IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
were VBD O
ruled VBN O
out RP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
time NN O
course NN O
of IN O
events NNS O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
amphotericin NN O
B NNP O
was VBD O
the DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
the DT O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Amphotericin NNP O
B NNP O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
the DT O
probable JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
the DT O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
date NN O
, , O
only RB O
three CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
amphotericin NN O
B NNP O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
, , O
but CC O
healthcare NN O
providers NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
potential NN O
for IN O
this DT O
rare JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sirolimus NNP O
and CC O
mycophenolate NN O
mofetil NN O
for IN O
calcineurin NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
immunosuppression NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Calcineurin NN O
inhibitors NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
cyclosporine NN O
and CC O
tacrolimus NN O
, , O
have VBP O
been VBN O
available JJ O
for IN O
almost RB O
20 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
are VBP O
highly RB O
effective JJ O
and CC O
represent VBP O
the DT O
mainstay NN O
of IN O
transplant NN O
immunosuppression NN O
, , O
they PRP O
are VBP O
associated VBN O
with IN O
acute JJ O
and CC O
chronic JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
occurs VBZ O
in IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
period NN O
after IN O
transplantation NN O
, , O
leads VBZ O
to IN O
a DT O
higher JJR O
rate NN O
of IN O
dialysis NN O
, , O
and CC O
chronic JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
may MD O
eventually RB O
result VB O
in IN O
graft NN O
loss NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
and CC O
chronic JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
becoming VBG O
more RBR O
common JJ O
as IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
marginal JJ O
kidneys NNS O
for IN O
transplantation NN O
increases VBZ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
recently RB O
available JJ O
immunosuppressive JJ O
agents NNS O
, , O
mycophenolate NN O
mofetil NN O
and CC O
sirolimus NN O
( , O
rapamycin NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
have VBP O
no DT O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
use NN O
of IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
other JJ O
agents NNS O
has VBZ O
led VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
new JJ O
paradigms NNS O
of IN O
immunosuppressive JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
paper NN O
reviews VBZ O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
clinical JJ O
trials NNS O
that WDT O
have VBP O
investigated VBN O
these DT O
new JJ O
approaches NNS O
to IN O
immunosuppression NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tolerability NN O
of IN O
nimesulide NN O
and CC O
paracetamol NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
NSAID NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
urticaria NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
angioedema NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
studies NNS O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
tolerance NN O
of IN O
nimesulide NN O
and CC O
paracetamol NN O
in IN O
subjects NNS O
with IN O
cutaneous JJ O
, , O
respiratory JJ O
and CC O
anaphylactoid JJ O
reactions NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
nonsteroidal JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
drugs NNS O
( -LRB- O
NSAIDs NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
tolerability NN O
and CC O
reliability NN O
of IN O
nimesulide NN O
and CC O
paracetamol NN O
in IN O
a DT O
very RB O
large JJ O
number NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
an DT O
exclusive JJ O
well RB O
- HYPH O
documented VBN O
history NN O
of IN O
NSAID NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
urticaria NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
angioedema NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
we PRP O
evaluated VBD O
whether IN O
some DT O
factors NNS O
have VBP O
the DT O
potential NN O
to TO O
increase VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
reaction NN O
to IN O
paracetamol NN O
and CC O
nimesulide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
oral JJ O
challenge NN O
procedure NN O
with IN O
nimesulide NN O
or CC O
paracetamol NN O
was VBD O
applied VBN O
to IN O
829 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
NSAID NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
urticaria NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
angioedema NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
75 CD O
/ SYM O
829 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
patients NNS O
experienced VBD O
reactions NNS O
to IN O
nimesulide NN O
or CC O
paracetamol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
715 CD O
patients NNS O
tested VBN O
with IN O
nimesulide NN O
62 CD O
( SYM O
8 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
a DT O
positive JJ O
test NN O
, , O
while IN O
of IN O
114 CD O
subjects NNS O
submitted VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
challenge NN O
with IN O
paracetamol NN O
, , O
13 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
did VBD O
not RB O
tolerate VB O
this DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
18 CD O
. . O
28 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
urticaria NN B-Disease
and CC O
11 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
subjects NNS O
with IN O
an DT O
history NN O
of IN O
NSAID NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
urticaria NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
angioedema NN B-Disease
or CC O
angioedema NN B-Disease
alone RB O
( , O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
chronic JJ O
urticaria NN B-Disease
) , O
resulted VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
intolerant JJ O
to IN O
alternative JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Taken VBN O
together RB O
, , O
our PRP$ O
results NNS O
confirm VBP O
the DT O
good JJ O
tolerability NN O
of IN O
nimesulide NN O
and CC O
paracetamol NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
experienced VBD O
urticaria NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
angioedema NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
NSAIDs NNPS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
reaction NN O
to IN O
these DT O
alternative JJ O
study NN O
drugs NNS O
is VBZ O
statistically RB O
increased VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
urticaria NN B-Disease
and CC O
, , O
above IN O
all DT O
, , O
by IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
NSAID NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
angioedema NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
aqueous JJ O
and CC O
gellan NN O
ophthalmic JJ O
timolol NN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
on IN O
the DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
response NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
on IN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
glaucoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
Topical JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocker NN O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
routine JJ O
therapy NN O
in IN O
the DT O
management NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
glaucoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therapy NN O
results VBZ O
in IN O
systemic JJ O
absorption NN O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
resting NN O
and CC O
peak NN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
quantified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
This DT O
trial NN O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
placebo NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
aqueous JJ O
timolol NN O
( HYPH O
timolol NN O
solution NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
timolol NN O
suspension NN O
that WDT O
forms VBZ O
a DT O
gel NN O
on IN O
application NN O
to IN O
the DT O
conjunctiva NN O
( HYPH O
timolol NN O
gellan NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
the DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
currently RB O
being VBG O
treated VBN O
for IN O
glaucoma NN B-Disease
to TO O
quantify VB O
the DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
mean JJ O
heart NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
Caucasian JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
primary JJ O
open JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
angle NN I-Disease
glaucoma NN I-Disease
or CC O
ocular JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
with IN O
a DT O
mean JJ O
( HYPH O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SD NN O
) -RRB- O
age NN O
of IN O
63 CD O
( : O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
8 CD O
) SYM O
years NNS O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
and CC O
crossed VBN O
over RP O
in IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
masked VBN O
manner NN O
to IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
( , O
morning NN O
and CC O
evening NN O
in IN O
both DT O
eyes NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
timolol NN O
solution NN O
( , O
morning NN O
and CC O
evening NN O
in IN O
both DT O
eyes NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
timolol NN O
gellan NN O
( HYPH O
morning NN O
in IN O
both DT O
eyes NNS O
with IN O
placebo NN O
in IN O
the DT O
evening NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
13th JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
each DT O
period NN O
, , O
heart NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
recorded VBN O
continuously RB O
during IN O
a DT O
typical JJ O
, , O
ambulant JJ O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Both DT O
timolol NN O
solution NN O
and CC O
timolol NN O
gellan NN O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
mean JJ O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
this DT O
reduction NN O
was VBD O
most RBS O
pronounced VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
daytime NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
change NN O
in IN O
mean JJ O
heart NN O
rate NN O
, , O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
beats NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Timolol NNP O
gellan NNP O
showed VBD O
a DT O
numerically RB O
but CC O
not RB O
significantly RB O
smaller JJR O
reduction NN O
in IN O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
timolol NN O
solution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
night NN O
, , O
the DT O
mean JJ O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
on IN O
placebo NN O
and CC O
timolol NN O
gellan NN O
were VBD O
both DT O
significantly RB O
less JJR O
than IN O
on IN O
timolol NN O
solution NN O
; : O
the DT O
difference NN O
between IN O
solution NN O
and CC O
gellan NN O
treatments NNS O
was VBD O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Both DT O
timolol NN O
solution NN O
and CC O
timolol NN O
gellan NN O
decrease VBP O
the DT O
mean JJ O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
response NN O
was VBD O
most RBS O
pronounced VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
active JJ O
daytime NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
quantify VBP O
the DT O
modest JJ O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
ophthalmic JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocker NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
a DT O
typical JJ O
patient NN O
population NN O
on IN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
glaucoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
exercise NN O
performance NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
trial NN O
, , O
reductions NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
magnitude NN O
should MD O
not RB O
have VB O
substantial JJ O
clinical JJ O
consequences NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Management NN O
strategies NNS O
for IN O
ribavirin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
hepatitis NNP B-Disease
C NNP I-Disease
: : O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
economic JJ O
implications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
Recently RB O
published VBN O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
demonstrated VBN O
increased JJ O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
cost NN O
- HYPH O
effectiveness NN O
of IN O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
interferon NN O
and CC O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2b NN O
/ SYM O
ribavirin NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
interferon NN O
- HYPH O
alpha NN O
monotherapy NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
C NNP I-Disease
( , O
CHC NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Combination NN O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
clinically RB O
important JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
: : O
ribavirin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
( : O
RIHA NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
objective NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
direct JJ O
health NN O
- HYPH O
care NN O
costs NNS O
and CC O
management NN O
of IN O
RIHA NNP B-Disease
during IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
CHC NNP B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
trial NN O
setting VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
systematic JJ O
literature NN O
review NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
to TO O
synthesize VB O
information NN O
on IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
management NN O
of IN O
RIHA NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Decision NN O
- HYPH O
analytic JJ O
techniques NNS O
were VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
estimate VB O
the DT O
cost NN O
of IN O
treating VBG O
RIHA NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Uncertainty NN O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
using VBG O
sensitivity NN O
analyses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
RIHA NNP B-Disease
, , O
defined VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
hemoglobin NN O
to IN O
less JJR O
than IN O
100 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
, , O
occurs VBZ O
in IN O
approximately RB O
7 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
9 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
standard NN O
of IN O
care NN O
for IN O
management NN O
of IN O
RIHA NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
reduction NN O
or CC O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ribavirin NN O
dosage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
estimated VBD O
the DT O
direct JJ O
cost NN O
of IN O
treating VBG O
clinically RB O
significant JJ O
RIHA NNP B-Disease
to TO O
be VB O
170 CD O
per IN O
patient NN O
receiving VBG O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
per IN O
48 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
treatment NN O
course NN O
( : O
range NN O
68 CD O
- HYPH O
692 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
one CD O
- HYPH O
way NN O
sensitivity NN O
analyses NNS O
ranged VBD O
from IN O
57 CD O
to IN O
317 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
comparison NN O
, , O
the DT O
cost NN O
of IN O
48 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
16 CD O
, , O
459 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
direct JJ O
cost NN O
of IN O
treating VBG O
clinically RB O
significant JJ O
RIHA NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
1 CD O
% NN O
( , O
170 CD O
/ SYM O
16 CD O
, , O
459 CD O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
drug NN O
treatment NN O
costs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Questions NNS O
remain VBP O
about IN O
the DT O
optimal JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
and CC O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
RIHA NNP B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
real JJ O
- HYPH O
world NN O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
these DT O
uncertainties NNS O
, , O
this DT O
initial JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
direct JJ O
cost NN O
of IN O
treating VBG O
RIHA NNP B-Disease
provides VBZ O
an DT O
estimate NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cost NN O
and CC O
management NN O
implications NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
clinically RB O
important JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Preliminary JJ O
efficacy NN O
assessment NN O
of IN O
intrathecal JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
an DT O
American JJ O
formulation NN O
of IN O
adenosine NN O
in IN O
humans NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Preclinical JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
intrathecal JJ O
adenosine NN O
suggest VBP O
it PRP O
may MD O
be VB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
chronic JJ I-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
in IN O
humans NNS O
, , O
and CC O
preliminary JJ O
studies NNS O
in IN O
volunteers NNS O
and CC O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
Swedish JJ O
formulation NN O
of IN O
adenosine NN O
suggests VBZ O
it PRP O
may MD O
be VB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
states NNS O
but CC O
not RB O
with IN O
acute JJ O
noxious JJ O
stimulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
screen VB O
for IN O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
a DT O
different JJ O
formulation NN O
of IN O
adenosine NN O
marketed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
US NNP O
, , O
using VBG O
both CC O
acute JJ O
noxious JJ O
stimulation NN O
and CC O
capsaicin NN O
- HYPH O
evoked VBN O
mechanical JJ O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Following VBG O
Food NNP O
and CC O
Drug NNP O
Administration NNP O
and CC O
institutional JJ O
review NN O
board NN O
approval NN O
and CC O
written VBN O
informed JJ O
consent NN O
, , O
65 CD O
volunteers NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
trials NNS O
: : O
an DT O
open JJ O
- HYPH O
label NN O
, , O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
escalating VBG O
trial NN O
with IN O
intrathecal JJ O
adenosine NN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
- SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
and CC O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
of IN O
adenosine NN O
, , O
2 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebrospinal JJ O
fluid NN O
was VBD O
obtained VBN O
for IN O
pharmacokinetic JJ O
analysis NN O
, , O
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
ratings NNS O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
acute JJ O
heat NN O
stimuli NNS O
and CC O
areas NNS O
of IN O
mechanical JJ B-Disease
hyperalgesia NN I-Disease
and CC O
allodynia NN B-Disease
after IN O
intradermal JJ O
capsaicin NN O
injection NN O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Adenosine NN O
produced VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
pain NN B-Disease
report NN O
to IN O
acute JJ O
noxious JJ O
thermal JJ O
or CC O
chemical JJ O
stimulation NN O
but CC O
reduced VBD O
mechanical JJ B-Disease
hyperalgesia NN I-Disease
and CC O
allodynia NN B-Disease
from IN O
intradermal JJ O
capsaicin NN O
injection NN O
for IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
24 CD O
h NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
residence NN O
time NN O
of IN O
adenosine NN O
in IN O
cerebrospinal JJ O
fluid NN O
was VBD O
short JJ O
( : O
< SYM O
4 CD O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
These DT O
results NNS O
show VBP O
selective JJ O
inhibition NN O
by IN O
intrathecal JJ O
adenosine NN O
of IN O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
, , O
presumed VBN O
to TO O
reflect VB O
central JJ O
sensitization NN O
in IN O
humans NNS O
after IN O
peripheral JJ O
capsaicin NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
long RB O
- HYPH O
lasting VBG O
effect NN O
is VBZ O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
that DT O
observed VBN O
in IN O
preliminary JJ O
reports NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
and CC O
is VBZ O
not RB O
due JJ O
to IN O
prolonged VBN O
residence NN O
of IN O
adenosine NN O
in IN O
cerebrospinal JJ O
fluid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delayed VBN O
- HYPH O
onset NN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
presents VBZ O
5 CD O
to TO O
12 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
heparin NN O
exposure NN O
, , O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
arterial JJ B-Disease
or CC I-Disease
venous JJ I-Disease
thromboemboli NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delayed VBN O
recognition NN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
contribute VBP O
to IN O
poor JJ O
patient JJ O
outcomes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
describe VB O
and CC O
increase VB O
awareness NN O
of IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
scenario NN O
in IN O
which WDT O
the DT O
onset NN O
or CC O
manifestations NNS O
of IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
are VBP O
delayed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
Retrospective JJ O
case NN O
series NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING NN O
: : O
Three CD O
large JJ O
urban JJ O
hospitals NNS O
( , O
with IN O
active JJ O
cardiovascular JJ O
surgery NN O
programs NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
: : O
14 CD O
patients NNS O
seen VBN O
over IN O
a DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
period NN O
in IN O
whom WP O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
became VBD O
apparent JJ O
on IN O
delayed VBN O
presentation NN O
with IN O
thromboembolic JJ B-Disease
complications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MEASUREMENTS NNS O
: : O
Platelet NN O
counts NNS O
, , O
onset NN O
of IN O
objectively RB O
determined VBN O
thromboembolism NN B-Disease
, , O
results NNS O
of IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
platelet NN O
factor NN O
4 CD O
antibody NN O
tests NNS O
, , O
and CC O
outcomes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Patients NNS O
went VBD O
home RB O
after IN O
hospitalizations NNS O
that WDT O
had VBD O
included VBN O
heparin NN O
exposure NN O
- : O
- : O
in IN O
most JJS O
cases NNS O
, , O
with IN O
no DT O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
recognized VBN O
- : O
- : O
only RB O
to TO O
return VB O
to IN O
the DT O
hospital NN O
( , O
median NN O
, , O
day NN O
14 CD O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
thromboembolic JJ B-Disease
complications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thromboemboli NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
venous JJ O
( , O
12 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
7 CD O
with IN O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
emboli NN I-Disease
) , O
or CC O
arterial JJ O
( , O
4 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
both DT O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Platelet NN O
counts NNS O
were VBD O
mildly RB O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
but IN O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
on IN O
second JJ O
presentation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
readmission NN O
, , O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
therapeutic JJ O
heparin NN O
, , O
which WDT O
worsened VBD O
the DT O
patients NNS O
' POS O
clinical JJ O
condition NN O
and CC O
, , O
in IN O
all DT O
11 CD O
cases NNS O
, , O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
platelet NN O
count NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
at IN O
readmission NN O
, , O
143 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
) SYM O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
L NN O
; : O
mean VBP O
nadir NN O
after IN O
heparin NN O
re IN O
- HYPH O
exposure NN O
, , O
39 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
) CD O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
L NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Results NNS O
of IN O
serologic JJ O
tests NNS O
for IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
antibodies NNS O
were VBD O
positive JJ O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subsequent JJ O
treatments NNS O
included VBD O
alternative JJ O
anticoagulants NNS O
( , O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
) CD O
, , O
thrombolytic JJ O
drugs NNS O
( , O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
inferior JJ O
vena NN O
cava NN O
filters NNS O
( , O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
) , O
and CC O
, , O
eventually RB O
, , O
warfarin NN O
( , O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
patients NNS O
died VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Delayed VBN O
- HYPH O
onset NN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
increasingly RB O
being VBG O
recognized VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
avoid VB O
disastrous JJ O
outcomes NNS O
, , O
physicians NNS O
must MD O
consider VB O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
whenever WRB O
a DT O
recently RB O
hospitalized VBN O
patient NN O
returns VBZ O
with IN O
thromboembolism NN B-Disease
; : O
therapy NN O
with IN O
alternative JJ O
anticoagulants NNS O
, , O
not RB O
heparin NN O
, , O
should MD O
be VB O
initiated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
of IN O
risperidone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
with IN O
a DT O
dopamine NN O
agonist NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Risperidone NN O
, , O
a DT O
potent JJ O
antagonist NN O
of IN O
both CC O
serotonergic JJ O
( , O
5HT2A NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
dopaminergic JJ O
D2 NN O
receptors NNS O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
adults NNS O
and CC O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronically RB O
elevated VBN O
prolactin NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
children NNS O
with IN O
prolactinomas NNS B-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
arrested VBN O
growth NN O
and CC O
development NN O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
either CC O
delayed VBN B-Disease
puberty NN I-Disease
or CC O
short JJ O
stature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
possibilities NNS O
stress VBP O
the DT O
importance NN O
of IN O
developing VBG O
a DT O
safe JJ O
and CC O
effective JJ O
approach NN O
to IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
youth NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
successful JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
risperidone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
with IN O
cabergoline NN O
in IN O
youth NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
undertook VBD O
a DT O
retrospective JJ O
case NN O
review NN O
of IN O
four CD O
children NNS O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
cabergoline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Four CD O
males NNS O
( , O
age NN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
11 CD O
years NNS O
) : O
with IN O
Diagnostic JJ O
and CC O
Statistical NNP O
Manual NNP O
of IN O
Mental NNP B-Disease
Disorders NNPS I-Disease
( : O
fourth JJ O
edition NN O
) , O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
or CC O
psychoses NNS B-Disease
, , O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
elevations NNS O
in IN O
serum NN O
prolactin NN O
levels NNS O
( , O
57 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- SYM O
129 CD O
ng CD O
/ SYM O
mL NN O
, , O
normal JJ O
5 CD O
- SYM O
15 CD O
ng NNS O
/ SYM O
mL NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
cabergoline NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
dose NN O
2 CD O
. . O
13 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
09 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
week NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
serum NN O
prolactin NN O
levels NNS O
normalized VBD O
in IN O
all DT O
four CD O
subjects NNS O
( , O
mean VBP O
11 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
mL NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
cabergoline NN O
dose NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
to IN O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
week NN O
in IN O
three CD O
of IN O
four CD O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
cabergoline NN O
was VBD O
523 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
129 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
mean JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
was VBD O
788 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
162 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cabergoline NNP O
was VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
without IN O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Cabergoline NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
useful JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
risperidone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
youth NN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
further JJ O
research NN O
is VBZ O
needed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
after IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
isoflurane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
following VBG O
exposure NN O
to IN O
the DT O
inhalational JJ O
anesthetic JJ O
isoflurane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NNP O
SUMMARY NNP O
: : O
A DT O
70 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
healthy JJ O
woman NN O
from IN O
Iraq NNP O
developed VBD O
acute JJ O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
following VBG O
repair NN O
of IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
rotator NN O
cuff NN O
under IN O
general JJ O
anesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
evidence NN O
for IN O
viral JJ O
, , O
autoimmune JJ O
, , O
or CC O
metabolic JJ O
causes NNS O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
other JJ O
medications NNS O
were VBD O
involved VBN O
except IN O
for IN O
dipyrone NN O
for IN O
analgesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
alanine JJ O
aminotransferase NN O
was VBD O
elevated VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
peak NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
1533 CD O
U NNP O
/ SYM O
L NN O
and CC O
the DT O
serum NN O
bilirubin NN O
reached VBD O
a DT O
peak NN O
of IN O
17 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
slow JJ O
improvement NN O
over IN O
4 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Accidental JJ O
reexposure NN O
by IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
to IN O
dipyrone NN O
was VBD O
uneventful JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
histologic JJ O
picture NN O
of IN O
this DT O
case NN O
resembles VBZ O
halothane NN B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
has VBZ O
a DT O
significant JJ O
mortality NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Isoflurane NNP O
, , O
a DT O
common JJ O
anesthetic JJ O
agent NN O
, , O
can MD O
cause VB O
severe JJ O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Torsade NNP B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
metoclopramide NN O
in IN O
an DT O
elderly JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
preexisting JJ O
complete JJ O
left JJ B-Disease
bundle NN I-Disease
branch NN I-Disease
block NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
growing VBG O
list NN O
of IN O
drugs NNS O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
acquired VBN O
long JJ B-Disease
QT NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
torsade NN B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
torsadogenic JJ O
potential NN O
of IN O
metoclopramide NN O
, , O
a DT O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
antiemetic JJ O
and CC O
prokinetic JJ O
drug NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
, , O
despite IN O
its PRP$ O
chemical JJ O
similarity NN O
to IN O
procainamide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
on IN O
a DT O
92 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
preexisting VBG O
complete JJ O
left JJ B-Disease
bundle NN I-Disease
branch NN I-Disease
block NN I-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
torsade NN B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
after IN O
intravenous JJ O
and CC O
oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
metoclopramide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
patient NN O
also RB O
developed VBD O
torsade NN B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
when WRB O
cisapride NN O
and CC O
erythromycin NN O
were VBD O
given VBN O
simultaneously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
two CD O
episodes NNS O
were VBD O
suppressed VBN O
successfully RB O
after IN O
discontinuing VBG O
the DT O
offending VBG O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
administering VBG O
class NN O
IB NN O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
documentation NN O
that WDT O
metoclopramide NN O
provokes VBZ O
torsade NN B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes FW I-Disease
clinically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metoclopramide NN O
should MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
cautiously RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
torsade NN B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dopamine NN O
D2 NN O
receptor NN O
signaling NN O
controls VBZ O
neuronal JJ O
cell NN O
death NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
muscarinic JJ O
and CC O
glutamatergic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dopamine NNP O
( -LRB- O
DA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
through IN O
D1 NNP O
/ SYM O
D2 NNP O
receptor NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
signaling NN O
, , O
plays VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
of IN O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
arising VBG O
in IN O
the DT O
limbic JJ O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Excitotoxicity NN B-Disease
leading VBG O
to IN O
neuronal JJ O
cell NN O
death NN O
in IN O
the DT O
affected JJ O
areas NNS O
is VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
consequence NN O
of IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
at IN O
the DT O
cellular JJ O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
respect NN O
, , O
little JJ O
is VBZ O
known VBN O
about IN O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
DA NNP O
receptors NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neuronal JJ O
cell NN O
death NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
we PRP O
analyze VBP O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
D2R NN O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
cholinergic JJ O
agonist NN O
pilocarpine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
compared VBD O
these DT O
results NNS O
with IN O
those DT O
previously RB O
obtained VBN O
with IN O
kainic NN O
acid NN O
( , O
KA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
potent JJ O
glutamate NN O
agonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Importantly RB O
, , O
D2R NNP O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NNS O
develop VBP O
seizures NNS B-Disease
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
both DT O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
are VBP O
not RB O
epileptogenic JJ O
for IN O
WT NNP O
littermates NNS O
and CC O
show VBP O
greater JJR O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
result VBP O
in IN O
a DT O
more RBR O
widespread JJ O
neuronal JJ O
death NN O
in IN O
both CC O
WT NNP O
and CC O
D2R NN O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
brains NNS O
in IN O
comparison NN O
to IN O
KA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
D2R NNP O
lowers VBZ O
the DT O
threshold NN O
for IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
both CC O
glutamate NN O
and CC O
acetylcholine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
the DT O
dopaminergic JJ O
control NN O
of IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurodegeneration NN B-Disease
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
distinct JJ O
interactions NNS O
of IN O
D2R NNP O
signaling NN O
with IN O
these DT O
two CD O
neurotransmitters NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Steroid NN O
structure NN O
and CC O
pharmacological JJ O
properties NNS O
determine VBP O
the DT O
anti AFX O
- HYPH O
amnesic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
pregnenolone NN O
sulphate NN O
in IN O
the DT O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
task NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pregnenolone NNP O
sulphate NN O
( -LRB- O
PREGS NNP O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
generated VBN O
interest NN O
as IN O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
potent JJ O
memory NN O
- HYPH O
enhancing VBG O
neurosteroids NNS O
to TO O
be VB O
examined VBN O
in IN O
rodent JJ O
learning NN O
studies NNS O
, , O
with IN O
particular JJ O
importance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
ageing NN O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
by IN O
which WDT O
this DT O
endogenous JJ O
steroid NN O
enhances VBZ O
memory NN O
formation NN O
is VBZ O
hypothesized VBN O
to TO O
involve VB O
actions NNS O
on IN O
glutamatergic JJ O
and CC O
GABAergic JJ O
systems NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
hypothesis NN O
stems VBZ O
from IN O
findings NNS O
that IN O
PREGS NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
potent JJ O
positive JJ O
modulator NN O
of IN O
N NN O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
d NN O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
receptors NNS O
( , O
NMDARs NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
negative JJ O
modulator NN O
of IN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
aminobutyric JJ O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
receptors NNS O
( -LRB- O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NNP O
) -RRB- O
Rs NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
PREGS NNP O
is VBZ O
able JJ O
to TO O
reverse VB O
the DT O
amnesic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
NMDAR NNP O
and CC O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
R NN O
ligands NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
investigate VB O
this DT O
hypothesis NN O
, , O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
examined VBD O
the DT O
memory NN O
- HYPH O
altering VBG O
abilities NNS O
of IN O
structural JJ O
analogs NNS O
of IN O
PREGS NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
differ VBP O
in IN O
their PRP$ O
modulation NN O
of IN O
NMDAR NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
R NN O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
analogs NNS O
tested VBD O
were VBD O
: : O
11 CD O
- HYPH O
ketopregnenolone NN O
sulphate NN O
( , O
an DT O
agent NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
inactive JJ O
at IN O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NNP O
) -RRB- O
Rs NNS O
and CC O
NMDARs NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
epipregnanolone NN O
( , O
[ -LRB- O
3beta NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
5beta NNP O
- HYPH O
pregnan NN O
- HYPH O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
one CD O
] -RRB- O
sulphate NN O
, , O
an DT O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
both DT O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
Rs NNS O
and CC O
NMDARs NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
newly RB O
synthesized VBN O
( , O
- HYPH O
) SYM O
PREGS NNP O
enantiomer NN O
( , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
identical JJ O
to IN O
PREGS NNS O
in IN O
effects NNS O
on IN O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NNP O
) -RRB- O
Rs NNS O
and CC O
NMDARs NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
memory NN O
- HYPH O
enhancing VBG O
effects NNS O
of IN O
PREGS NNS O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
analogs NNS O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
task NN O
using VBG O
the DT O
model NN O
of IN O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both CC O
PREGS NNS O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
( , O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
enantiomer NN O
blocked VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
scopolamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
, , O
unlike IN O
PREGS NNP O
, , O
11 CD O
- HYPH O
ketopregnenolone NN O
sulphate NN O
and CC O
epipregnanolone NN O
sulphate NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
block VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
scopolamine NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
altering VBG O
the DT O
modulation NN O
of IN O
NMDA NNP O
receptors NNS O
diminishes VBZ O
the DT O
memory NN O
- HYPH O
enhancing VBG O
effects NNS O
of IN O
PREGS NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
enantioselectivity NN O
was VBD O
demonstrated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
ability NN O
of IN O
natural JJ O
PREGS NNS O
to TO O
be VB O
an DT O
order NN O
of IN O
magnitude NN O
more RBR O
effective JJ O
than IN O
its PRP$ O
synthetic JJ O
enantiomer NN O
in IN O
reversing VBG O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
identify VBP O
a DT O
novel JJ O
neuropharmacological JJ O
site NN O
for IN O
the DT O
modulation NN O
of IN O
memory NN O
processes NNS O
by IN O
neuroactive JJ O
steroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Activation NN O
of IN O
poly JJ O
( , O
ADP NNP O
- HYPH O
ribose NN O
) -RRB- O
polymerase NN O
contributes VBZ O
to IN O
development NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Activation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
nuclear JJ O
enzyme NN O
poly NN O
( , O
ADP NNP O
- HYPH O
ribose NN O
) , O
polymerase NN O
( , O
PARP NNP O
) -RRB- O
by IN O
oxidant NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
DNA NNP O
damage NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
pathway NN O
of IN O
cell NN O
dysfunction NN O
and CC O
tissue NN O
injury NN O
in IN O
conditions NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased VBN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
factor NN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
( -LRB- O
DOX NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
widely RB O
used VBN O
antitumor NN O
anthracycline NN O
antibiotic NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
we PRP O
hypothesized VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
activation NN O
of IN O
PARP NNP O
may MD O
contribute VB O
to IN O
the DT O
DOX NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
a DT O
dual JJ O
approach NN O
of IN O
PARP NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
suppression NN O
, , O
by IN O
genetic JJ O
deletion NN O
or CC O
pharmacological JJ O
inhibition NN O
with IN O
the DT O
phenanthridinone NN O
PARP NN O
inhibitor NN O
PJ34 NNP O
, , O
we PRP O
now RB O
demonstrate VBP O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
PARP NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
DOX NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PARP NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
+ SYM O
and CC O
PARP NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NN O
received VBD O
a DT O
single JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
DOX NNP O
( : O
25 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
DOX NNP O
administration NN O
, , O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
performance NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
depressed VBN O
in IN O
PARP NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
+ SYM O
mice NNS O
, , O
but CC O
only RB O
to IN O
a DT O
smaller JJR O
extent NN O
in IN O
PARP NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
ones NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similar JJ O
experiments NNS O
were VBD O
conducted VBN O
in IN O
BALB NNP O
/ SYM O
c NN O
mice NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
PJ34 NNP O
or CC O
vehicle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
with IN O
a DT O
PJ34 NN O
significantly RB O
improved VBD O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
and CC O
increased VBD O
the DT O
survival NN O
of IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
PJ34 NNP O
significantly RB O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
DOX NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
serum JJ O
lactate NN O
dehydrogenase NN O
and CC O
creatine JJ O
kinase NN O
activities NNS O
but CC O
not RB O
metalloproteinase NN O
activation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
heart NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
PARP NNP O
activation NN O
contributes VBZ O
to IN O
the DT O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
DOX NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PARP NNP O
inhibitors NNS O
may MD O
exert VB O
protective JJ O
effects NNS O
against IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
DOX NNP O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Spironolactone NN O
: : O
is VBZ O
it PRP O
a DT O
novel JJ O
drug NN O
for IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
amphotericin NN O
B NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
? . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
Nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
the DT O
major JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
amphotericin NN O
B NNP O
( HYPH O
AmB NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
often RB O
limiting VBG O
administration NN O
of IN O
full JJ O
dosage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Selective JJ O
distal JJ O
tubular JJ O
epithelial JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
profound JJ O
potassium NN O
wasting NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
clinical JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
AmB NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Potassium NN O
depletion NN O
also RB O
potentiates VBZ O
the DT O
tubular JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
AmB NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
ability NN O
of IN O
spironolactone NN O
to TO O
reduce VB O
potassium NN O
requirements NNS O
and CC O
to TO O
prevent VB O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
neutropenic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
on IN O
AmB NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
26 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
various JJ O
hematological JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
either CC O
intravenous JJ O
AmB NN O
alone RB O
or CC O
AmB NN O
and CC O
oral JJ O
spironolactone NN O
100 CD O
mg NN O
twice RB O
daily RB O
when WRB O
developing VBG O
a DT O
proven VBN O
or CC O
suspected VBN O
fungal JJ B-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
concomitant JJ O
AmB NN O
and CC O
spironolactone NN O
had VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
plasma NN O
potassium NN O
levels NNS O
than IN O
those DT O
receiving VBG O
AmB NN O
alone RB O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0027 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Those DT O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
AmB NN O
and CC O
spironolactone NN O
required VBD O
significantly RB O
less JJR O
potassium NN O
supplementation NN O
to TO O
maintain VB O
their PRP$ O
plasma NN O
potassium NN O
within IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
range NN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
022 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
urinary JJ O
potassium NN O
losses NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
less JJR O
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
AmB NN O
and CC O
spironolactone NN O
than IN O
those DT O
receiving VBG O
AmB NNP O
alone RB O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
040 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
showed VBD O
that IN O
spironolactone NN O
can MD O
reduce VB O
potassium NN O
requirements NNS O
and CC O
prevent VB O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
by IN O
reducing VBG O
urinary JJ O
potassium NN O
loss NN O
in IN O
neutropenic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
on IN O
AmB NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Erectile JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
occurs VBZ O
following VBG O
substantia JJ O
nigra NN O
lesions NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Erectile JJ O
function NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
following VBG O
uni NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
bilateral JJ O
injections NNS O
of IN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxydopamine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
substantia JJ O
nigra NN O
nucleus NN O
of IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Behavioral JJ O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
penile JJ O
erections NNS O
were VBD O
reduced VBN O
( : O
5 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
increased VBD O
( : O
3 CD O
/ SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
uni JJ O
- HYPH O
and CC O
bilateral JJ O
lesioned VBN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracavernous JJ O
pressures NNS O
, , O
following VBG O
electrical JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cavernous JJ O
nerve NN O
, , O
decreased VBD O
in IN O
lesioned VBN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lesions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
substantia JJ O
nigra NN O
were VBD O
confirmed VBN O
by IN O
histology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Concentration NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
metabolites NNS O
were VBD O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
of IN O
substantia JJ O
nigra NN O
lesioned VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lesions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
substantia JJ O
nigra NN O
are VBP O
therefore RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
erectile JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
may MD O
serve VB O
as IN O
a DT O
model NN O
to TO O
study VB O
erectile JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nicotine JJ O
potentiation NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
effects NNS O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
on IN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
morphine NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Morphine NN O
but CC O
not RB O
nicotine NN O
induced VBD O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
response NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
was VBD O
potentiated VBN O
by IN O
nicotine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intraperitoneal JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
atropine NN O
, , O
naloxone NN O
, , O
mecamylamine NN O
, , O
and CC O
hexamethonium NN O
to IN O
mice NNS O
reduced VBD O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
with IN O
nicotine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracerebroventricular JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
atropine NN O
, , O
hexamethonium NN O
, , O
and CC O
naloxone NN O
also RB O
decreased VBD O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
morphine NN O
plus CC O
nicotine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intraperitoneal JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
atropine NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
intraperitoneal JJ O
or CC O
intracerebroventricular JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
hexamethonium NN O
, , O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
morphine NN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
can MD O
be VB O
elicited VBN O
by IN O
opioid NN O
and CC O
cholinergic JJ O
receptors NNS O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
potentiation NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
nicotine NN O
may MD O
also RB O
be VB O
mediated VBN O
through IN O
cholinergic JJ O
receptor NN O
mechanisms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Force NN O
overflow NN O
and CC O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
assessed VBD O
force NN O
coordination NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hand NN O
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
and CC O
its PRP$ O
relationship NN O
to IN O
motor NN O
complications NNS O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
particularly RB O
to IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
( -LRB- O
LID NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
studied VBD O
two CD O
groups NNS O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
( , O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
+ CC O
LID NNP B-Disease
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
23 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
without IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
( : O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
- HYPH O
LID NNP B-Disease
, , O
n NN O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
age NN O
- HYPH O
matched VBN O
healthy JJ O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
motor NN O
score NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Unified NNP O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNP I-Disease
Disease NNP I-Disease
Rating NNP O
Scale NNP O
, , O
a DT O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
score NN O
and CC O
force NN O
in IN O
a DT O
grip NN O
- HYPH O
lift NN O
paradigm NN O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
ON NNP O
and CC O
OFF NNP O
levodopa NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
pathological JJ O
increase NN O
of IN O
forces NNS O
was VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
ON NNP O
- HYPH O
state NN O
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
+ CC O
LID NNP B-Disease
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
+ SYM O
LID NNP B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
force NN O
involved VBN O
in IN O
pressing VBG O
down RP O
the DT O
object NN O
before IN O
lifting VBG O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
by IN O
levodopa NN O
( : O
by IN O
61 CD O
% NN O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
overshooting NN O
of IN O
peak NN O
grip NN O
force NN O
by IN O
51 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
of IN O
static JJ O
grip NN O
force NN O
by IN O
45 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
ON NNP O
- HYPH O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
OFF NNP O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
condition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
no DT O
excessive JJ O
force NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
- HYPH O
LID NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peak NN O
grip NN O
force NN O
in IN O
ON NNP O
- HYPH O
state NN O
was VBD O
140 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
higher JJR O
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
+ CC O
LID NNP B-Disease
than IN O
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
- HYPH O
LID NNP B-Disease
, , O
while IN O
static JJ O
grip NN O
force NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
by IN O
138 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
between IN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severity NN O
of IN O
peak NN O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
was VBD O
strongly RB O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
grip NN O
force NN O
in IN O
ON NNP O
- HYPH O
state NN O
( : O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
79 CD O
with IN O
peak NN O
force NN O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
correlation NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
between IN O
forces NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
motor NN O
score NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
with IN O
the DT O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Force NN O
excess NN O
was VBD O
only RB O
observed VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
LID NN B-Disease
and CC O
motor NN O
fluctuations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
close JJ O
relationship NN O
was VBD O
seen VBN O
between IN O
the DT O
overshooting NN O
of IN O
forces NNS O
and CC O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
ON NNP O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
condition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
postulate VBP O
that IN O
both CC O
LID NNP B-Disease
and CC O
grip NN O
force NN O
excess JJ O
share NN O
common JJ O
pathophysiological JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
related VBN O
to IN O
motor NN O
fluctuations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
on IN O
reserpine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
dizocilpine NN O
( -LRB- O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
noncompetitive JJ O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( -LRB- O
NMDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
on IN O
dopamine NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
behaviors NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
reserpine NN O
treatments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
focuses VBZ O
on IN O
behavioral JJ O
syndromes NNS O
that WDT O
may MD O
used VBN O
as IN O
models NNS O
for IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
or CC O
tardive NN B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
response NN O
after IN O
glutamatergic JJ O
blockage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reserpine NNP O
( : O
1 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
administered VBN O
once RB O
every DT O
other JJ O
day NN O
for IN O
4 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
produced VBD O
increases NNS O
in IN O
orofacial JJ B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
, , O
tongue NN O
protrusion NN O
and CC O
vacuous JJ O
chewing NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
are VBP O
signs NNS O
indicative JJ O
of IN O
tardive JJ B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reserpine NNP O
also RB O
produced VBD O
tremor NN B-Disease
and CC O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
are VBP O
signs NNS O
suggestive JJ O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
( HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
administered VBN O
30 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
the DT O
observation NN O
test NN O
, , O
prevented VBD O
the DT O
vacuous JJ O
chewing NN O
movements NNS O
, , O
tongue NN O
protrusions NNS O
and CC O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
reserpine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
injection NN O
produced VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
of IN O
tremor NN B-Disease
in IN O
reserpine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reserpine NN O
( : O
1 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
administered VBN O
90 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
the DT O
test NN O
and CC O
followed VBD O
by IN O
apomophine NN O
injection NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) SYM O
5 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
the DT O
test NN O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
produce VB O
oral JJ B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
reserpine NN O
induced VBD O
increases NNS O
in IN O
tremor NN B-Disease
and CC O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
compared VBN O
to IN O
control NN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
( HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
administration NN O
attenuated VBD O
the DT O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
and CC O
tremor NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
reserpine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
with IN O
reserpine NN O
( : O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) SYM O
24 CD O
h NN O
before IN O
the DT O
observation NN O
test NN O
produced VBD O
increases NNS O
in IN O
vacuous JJ O
chewing NN O
movements NNS O
and CC O
tongue NN O
protrusion NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
tremor NN B-Disease
and CC O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
injection NN O
90 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
the DT O
test NN O
reversed VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
reserpine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
reserpine NN O
produces VBZ O
different JJ O
and CC O
abnormal JJ B-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
are VBP O
related VBN O
to IN O
dose NN O
and CC O
schedule NN O
employed VBN O
and CC O
can MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
as IN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
and CC O
tardive NN B-Disease
dsykinesia NN I-Disease
signs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
glutamatergic JJ O
blockage NN O
produced VBN O
by IN O
NMDA NNP O
can MD O
restore VB O
these DT O
signs NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
vacuous JJ O
chewing NN O
movements NNS O
, , O
tongue NN O
protrusions NNS O
, , O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
and CC O
tremor NN B-Disease
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
employed VBN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Risperidone NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
, , O
benign JJ O
transient JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
disturbances NNS I-Disease
in IN O
schizophrenic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
past JJ O
history NN O
of IN O
LSD NNP O
abuse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
schizophrenic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
who WP O
had VBD O
a DT O
prior JJ O
history NN O
of IN O
LSD NNP O
abuse NN O
and CC O
who WP O
had VBD O
previously RB O
developed VBN O
EPS NNP B-Disease
with IN O
classic JJ O
antipsychotics NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
successfully RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
both DT O
reported VBD O
short JJ O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
transient JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
disturbances NNS I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
appeared VBD O
immediately RB O
after IN O
starting VBG O
treatment NN O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
imagery NN O
resembled VBD O
visual JJ B-Disease
disturbances NNS I-Disease
previously RB O
experienced VBN O
as IN O
"""" `` O
flashbacks NNS O
"""" '' O
related VBN O
to IN O
prior JJ O
LSD NNP O
consumption NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Risperidone NNP O
administration NN O
was VBD O
continued VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
visual JJ B-Disease
disturbances NNS I-Disease
gradually RB O
wore VBD O
off RP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
a DT O
six CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
period NN O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
visual JJ B-Disease
disturbances NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
phenomenon NN O
may MD O
be VB O
interpreted VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
benign JJ O
, , O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
and CC O
self NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
side NN O
effect NN O
which WDT O
does VBZ O
not RB O
contraindicate VB O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
risperidone NN O
or CC O
interfere VB O
with IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conclusions NNS O
based VBN O
on IN O
two CD O
case NN O
reports NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
taken VBN O
with IN O
appropriate JJ O
caution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Topiramate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrolithiasis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Topiramate NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
recently RB O
developed VBN O
antiepileptic JJ O
medication NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
becoming VBG O
more RBR O
widely RB O
prescribed VBN O
because IN O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
efficacy NN O
in IN O
treating VBG O
refractory JJ B-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urologists NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
that IN O
this DT O
medication NN O
can MD O
cause VB O
metabolic JJ B-Disease
acidosis NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
carbonic JJ O
anhydrase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
a DT O
distal JJ O
tubular JJ O
acidification NN O
defect NN O
may MD O
result VB O
, , O
thus RB O
impairing VBG O
the DT O
normal JJ O
compensatory JJ O
drop NN O
in IN O
urine NN O
pH NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
factors NNS O
can MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
phosphate NN O
nephrolithiasis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
first JJ O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
topiramate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrolithiasis NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
urologic JJ O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NN O
in IN O
war NN O
/ SYM O
tropical JJ O
surgery NN O
( , O
a DT O
final JJ O
tribute NN O
to IN O
the DT O
racemic JJ O
mixture NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
technique NN O
of IN O
continuous JJ O
intravenous JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
with IN O
ketamine NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
successfully RB O
during IN O
the DT O
Somalia NNP O
civil JJ O
war NN O
in IN O
1994 CD O
and CC O
in IN O
north JJ O
Uganda NNP O
in IN O
1999 CD O
for IN O
64 CD O
operations NNS O
in IN O
62 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
aged VBN O
from IN O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
to IN O
70 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
undergoing VBG O
limb NN O
and CC O
abdominal JJ O
surgery NN O
including VBG O
caesarian NN O
sections NNS O
and CC O
interventions NNS O
in IN O
neonates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Operations NNS O
lasting VBG O
up IN O
to IN O
2h CD O
could MD O
be VB O
performed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
sophisticated JJ O
equipment NN O
such JJ O
as IN O
pulse NN O
oximeters NNS O
or CC O
ventilators NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
on IN O
spontaneous JJ O
ventilation NN O
breathing NN O
air NN O
/ SYM O
oxygen NN O
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
premedication NN O
with IN O
diazepam NN O
, , O
glycopyrrolate NN O
and CC O
local JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
, , O
and CC O
induction NN O
with IN O
standard JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
, , O
a DT O
maintenance NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
- SYM O
20 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
proved VBD O
safe JJ O
and CC O
effective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Emphasis NN O
was VBD O
placed VBN O
on IN O
bedside NN O
clinical JJ O
monitoring NN O
, , O
relying VBG O
heavily RB O
on IN O
the DT O
heart NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diazepam NNP O
, , O
unless IN O
contraindicated VBN O
or CC O
risky JJ O
, , O
remains VBZ O
the DT O
only RB O
necessary JJ O
complementary JJ O
drug NN O
to IN O
ketamine NN O
as IN O
it PRP O
buffers VBZ O
its PRP$ O
cardiovascular JJ O
response NN O
and CC O
decreases VBZ O
the DT O
duration NN O
and CC O
intensity NN O
of IN O
operative JJ O
and CC O
postoperative JJ O
hallucinations NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Local JJ O
anaesthetic JJ O
blocks NNS O
were VBD O
useful JJ O
in IN O
decreasing VBG O
the DT O
requirement NN O
for IN O
postoperative JJ O
analgesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
antisialogue NN O
was VBD O
usually RB O
unnecessary JJ O
in IN O
operations NNS O
lasting VBG O
up IN O
to TO O
2 CD O
h NN O
, , O
glycopyrrolate NN O
being VBG O
the DT O
best JJS O
choice NN O
for IN O
its PRP$ O
lowest JJS O
psychotropic JJ O
and CC O
chronotropic JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
especially RB O
in IN O
a DT O
hot JJ O
climate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Experience NN O
in IN O
war NN O
/ SYM O
tropical JJ O
settings NNS O
suggests VBZ O
this DT O
technique NN O
could MD O
be VB O
useful JJ O
in IN O
civilian JJ O
contexts NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
outdoor JJ O
life NN O
- HYPH O
saving VBG O
emergency NN O
surgery NN O
or CC O
in IN O
mass NN O
casualties NNS O
where WRB O
, , O
e UH O
. . O
g LS O
. . O
amputation NN O
and CC O
rapid JJ O
extrication NN O
were VBD O
required VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
severe JJ O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
immunocompromised VBN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Adenovirus NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
morbidity NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
in IN O
the DT O
immunocompromised VBN O
host NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
pediatrics NN O
is VBZ O
increasing VBG O
in IN O
association NN O
with IN O
growing VBG O
numbers NNS O
of IN O
immunocompromised VBN O
children NNS O
, , O
where WRB O
case NN O
fatality NN O
rates NNS O
as RB O
high JJ O
as IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
80 CD O
% NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
are VBP O
no DT O
approved VBN O
antiviral JJ O
agents NNS O
with IN O
proven VBN O
efficacy NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
nor CC O
are VBP O
there EX O
any DT O
prospective JJ O
randomized VBN O
, , O
controlled VBN O
trials NNS O
of IN O
potentially RB O
useful JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
adenovirus NN O
therapies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Apparent JJ O
clinical JJ O
success NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
limited VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
case NN O
reports NNS O
and CC O
small JJ O
series NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Experience NN O
is VBZ O
greatest JJS O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
and CC O
cidofovir NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ribavirin NNP O
, , O
a DT O
guanosine NN O
analogue NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
broad JJ O
antiviral JJ O
activity NN O
against IN O
both CC O
RNA NNP O
and CC O
DNA NN O
viruses NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
documented JJ O
activity NN O
against IN O
adenovirus NN O
in IN O
vitro FW O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ribavirin NNP O
is VBZ O
licensed VBN O
in IN O
aerosol NN O
form NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
syncytial JJ I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
orally RB O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
interferon NN O
to TO O
treat VB O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
C NNP I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
is VBZ O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
choice NN O
for IN O
infection NN B-Disease
with IN I-Disease
hemorrhagic JJ I-Disease
fever NN I-Disease
viruses NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
is VBZ O
reversible JJ O
mild JJ O
anemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
use NN O
of IN O
cidofovir NN O
in IN O
severe JJ O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
limited VBN O
by IN O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
the DT O
most RBS O
significant JJ O
of IN O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
We PRP O
report VBP O
our PRP$ O
experience NN O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
severe JJ O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
series NN O
of IN O
immunocompromised VBN O
children NNS O
and CC O
review VB O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
/ SYM O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
retrospectively RB O
reviewed VBD O
the DT O
medical JJ O
records NNS O
of IN O
5 CD O
children NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
for IN O
documented VBN O
severe JJ O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
adenovirus NN O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
after IN O
cardiac JJ O
and CC O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplants NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplant NN O
patient NN O
also RB O
received VBD O
intravenous JJ O
cidofovir NN O
for IN O
progressive JJ O
disseminated VBN O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
additional JJ O
3 CD O
children NNS O
developed VBD O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
pneumonia NN I-Disease
; : O
2 CD O
were VBD O
neonates NNS O
, , O
1 CD O
of IN O
whom WP O
had VBD O
partial JJ O
DiGeorge NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
remaining VBG O
infant NN O
had VBD O
recently RB O
undergone VBN O
a DT O
cardiac JJ O
transplant NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
compassionate JJ O
- HYPH O
use NN O
protocol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Complete JJ O
clinical JJ O
recovery NN O
followed VBN O
later RB O
by IN O
viral JJ O
clearance NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
2 CD O
children NNS O
: : O
the DT O
cardiac JJ O
transplant NN O
recipient NN O
with IN O
adenovirus NN O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
immunocompetent JJ O
neonate NN O
with IN O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
pneumonia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
remaining VBG O
3 CD O
children NNS O
died VBD O
of IN O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Use NN O
of IN O
cidofovir NN O
in IN O
1 CD O
child NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
progressive JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
Our PRP$ O
series NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
is VBZ O
representative JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
spectrum NN O
of IN O
immunocompromised VBN O
children NNS O
at IN O
greatest JJS O
risk NN O
for IN O
severe JJ O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
namely RB O
solid JJ O
- HYPH O
organ NN O
and CC O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
, , O
neonates NNS O
, , O
and CC O
children NNS O
with IN O
immunodeficiency NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
effective JJ O
for IN O
all DT O
children NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
series NN O
or CC O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
, , O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
unlikely JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
of IN O
benefit NN O
if IN O
begun VBN O
late RB O
in IN O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
the DT O
infection NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Early JJ O
identification NN O
, , O
eg NN O
by IN O
polymerase NN O
chain NN O
reaction NN O
of IN O
those DT O
patients NNS O
at IN O
risk NN O
of IN O
disseminated VBN O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
may MD O
permit VB O
earlier JJR O
antiviral JJ O
treatment NN O
and CC O
better JJR O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
therapeutic JJ O
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Two CD O
of IN O
5 CD O
children NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
recovered VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
availability NN O
of IN O
newer JJR O
rapid JJ O
diagnostic JJ O
techniques NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
polymerase NN O
chain NN O
reaction NN O
, , O
may MD O
make VB O
earlier JJR O
, , O
more RBR O
effective JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
possible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Given VBN O
the DT O
seriousness NN O
and CC O
increasing VBG O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
adenovirus NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
certain JJ O
hosts NNS O
, , O
especially RB O
children NNS O
, , O
a DT O
large JJ O
, , O
multicenter JJ O
clinical JJ O
trial NN O
of IN O
potentially RB O
useful JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
adenoviral JJ O
therapies NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
intravenous JJ O
ribavirin NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
clearly RB O
required VBN O
to TO O
demonstrate VB O
the DT O
most RBS O
effective JJ O
and CC O
least JJS O
toxic JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delayed VBN O
asystolic JJ B-Disease
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
after IN O
diltiazem NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
; : O
resuscitation NN O
with IN O
high JJ O
dose NN O
intravenous JJ O
calcium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
51 CD O
year NN O
old JJ O
man NN O
took VBD O
a DT O
mixed JJ O
overdose NN B-Disease
including VBG O
1 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
g NN O
of IN O
diltiazem NN O
, , O
paracetamol NN O
, , O
aspirin NN O
, , O
isosorbide NN O
nitrate NN O
, , O
and CC O
alcohol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
initially RB O
presented VBD O
to IN O
hospital NN O
after IN O
six CD O
hours NNS O
with IN O
mild JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
activated VBN O
charcoal NN O
and CC O
intravenous JJ O
fluids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eighteen CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
overdose NN B-Disease
he PRP O
had VBD O
two CD O
generalised VBN O
tonic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
clonic NN I-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
remained VBD O
unresponsive JJ O
with IN O
junctional JJ O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
unrecordable JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
and CC O
then RB O
became VBD O
asystolic JJ B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
was VBD O
resuscitated VBN O
with IN O
high JJ O
dose NN O
( SYM O
13 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
g NN O
) SYM O
intravenous JJ O
calcium NN O
and CC O
adrenaline NN O
( -LRB- O
epinephrine NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
required VBD O
inotropic JJ O
support NN O
and CC O
temporary JJ O
pacing NN O
over IN O
the DT O
next JJ O
48 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
suggests VBZ O
there EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
role NN O
for IN O
aggressive JJ O
high JJ O
dose NN O
intravenous JJ O
calcium NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
severe JJ O
diltiazem NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
, , O
particularly RB O
with IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
asystole NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
early RB O
in IN O
cases NNS O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
after IN O
diltiazem NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
case NN O
also RB O
highlights VBZ O
the DT O
problems NNS O
with IN O
delayed VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
when WRB O
whole JJ O
bowel NN O
irrigation NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
administered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Low JJ O
- HYPH O
molecular JJ O
- HYPH O
weight NN O
heparin NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
mechanical JJ O
heart NN O
valves NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
interruption NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
anticoagulant NN O
( -LRB- O
OAC NNP O
) -RRB- O
administration NN O
is VBZ O
sometimes RB O
indicated VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
mechanical JJ O
heart NN O
valves NNS O
, , O
mainly RB O
before IN O
noncardiac JJ O
surgery NN O
, , O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
surgical JJ O
interventions NNS O
, , O
and CC O
pregnancy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Unfractionated JJ O
heparin NN O
( , O
UH NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
currently RB O
the DT O
substitute NN O
for IN O
selected VBN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Low JJ O
- HYPH O
molecular JJ O
- HYPH O
weight NN O
heparin NN O
( : O
LMWH NNP O
) -RRB- O
offers VBZ O
theoretical JJ O
advantages NNS O
over IN O
UH NNP O
, , O
but CC O
is VBZ O
not RB O
currently RB O
considered VBN O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
guidelines NNS O
as IN O
an DT O
alternative NN O
to IN O
UH NNP O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
prosthetic JJ O
valves NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
HYPOTHESIS NNP O
: : O
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
review VB O
the DT O
data NNS O
accumulated VBN O
so RB O
far RB O
on IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
LMWH NNP O
in IN O
this DT O
patient JJ O
population NN O
and CC O
to TO O
discuss VB O
its PRP$ O
applicability NN O
in IN O
common JJ O
practice NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
For IN O
this DT O
paper NN O
, , O
the DT O
current JJ O
medical JJ O
literature NN O
on IN O
LMWH NNP O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
mechanical JJ O
heart NN O
valves NNS O
was VBD O
extensively RB O
reviewed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
There EX O
were VBD O
eight CD O
series NN O
and CC O
six CD O
case NN O
reports NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
studies NNS O
was VBD O
randomized VBN O
, , O
and CC O
only RB O
one CD O
was VBD O
prospective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
to TO O
establish VB O
the DT O
thromboembolic JJ B-Disease
risk NN O
were VBD O
incomplete JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
excluding VBG O
case NN O
reports NNS O
, , O
the DT O
following VBG O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
constructed VBN O
: : O
( : O
a DT O
) SYM O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
administration NN O
, , O
after IN O
valve NN O
insertion NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
212 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
( : O
b LS O
) -RRB- O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
, , O
perioperative JJ O
( , O
noncardiac JJ O
) -RRB- O
/ SYM O
periprocedural JJ O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
114 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
( : O
c NN O
) : O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
, , O
due IN O
to IN O
intolerance NN O
to IN O
OAC NNP O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
16 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
( : O
d VBN O
) NFP O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
, , O
in IN O
pregnancy NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
thromboembolism NN B-Disease
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
all PDT O
the DT O
studies NNS O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
, , O
20 CD O
, , O
and CC O
0 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
groups NNS O
a DT O
, , O
b NN O
, , O
c NN O
, , O
and CC O
d NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
; : O
for IN O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
overall JJ O
rate NN O
was VBD O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
( , O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
, , O
10 CD O
, , O
and CC O
0 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
the DT O
respective JJ O
groups NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
mechanical JJ O
heart NN O
valves NNS O
, , O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
LMWH NNP O
therapy NN O
compares VBZ O
favorably RB O
with IN O
UH NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
on IN O
mid JJ O
- HYPH O
and CC O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
LMWH NNP O
administration NN O
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
sparse JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
randomized JJ O
studies NNS O
are VBP O
needed VBN O
to TO O
confirm VB O
the DT O
safety NN O
and CC O
precise JJ O
indications NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
LMWH NNP O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
mechanical JJ O
heart NN O
valves NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
after IN O
intravenous JJ O
metoclopramide NN O
- : O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
five CD O
repeated VBN O
injections NNS O
of IN O
metoclopramide NN O
causing VBG O
five CD O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
patient NN O
where WRB O
intravenous JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
metoclopramide NN O
was VBD O
immediately RB O
followed VBN O
by IN O
asystole NN B-Disease
repeatedly RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
received VBD O
metoclopramide NN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
i CD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
five CD O
times NNS O
during IN O
48 CD O
h NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
interviewing VBG O
the DT O
attending VBG O
nurses NNS O
and CC O
reviewing VBG O
the DT O
written VBN O
documentation NN O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
clear JJ O
that IN O
every DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
metoclopramide NN O
was VBD O
immediately RB O
( : O
within IN O
s NNS O
) , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
asystole NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
asystole NN B-Disease
lasted VBD O
15 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
s NNS O
on IN O
four CD O
occasions NNS O
, , O
on IN O
one CD O
occasion NN O
it PRP O
lasted VBD O
2 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
received VBD O
atropine NN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
mg NN O
and CC O
chest NN O
compressions NNS O
, , O
before IN O
sinus NN O
rhythm NN O
again RB O
took VBD O
over RP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
interpret VBP O
this DT O
as IN O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
metoclopramide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rapid JJ O
injection NN O
via IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
venous JJ O
route NN O
and CC O
the DT O
concomitant JJ O
tapering NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
infusion NN O
might MD O
have VB O
contributed VBN O
in IN O
precipitating VBG O
the DT O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunohistochemical JJ O
study NN O
on IN O
inducible JJ O
type NN O
of IN O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
( , O
iNOS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
basic JJ O
fibroblast NN O
growth NN O
factor NN O
( , O
bFGF NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
tumor NN B-Disease
growth NN O
factor NN O
- HYPH O
beta1 NN O
( , O
TGF NNP O
- HYPH O
beta1 NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
arteritis NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
by IN O
fenoldopam NN O
and CC O
theophylline NN O
, , O
vasodilators NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Arteritis NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
by IN O
vasodilators NNS O
, , O
fenoldopam NN O
and CC O
theophylline NN O
, , O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
immunohistochemically RB O
for IN O
expressions NNS O
of IN O
inducible JJ O
type NN O
of IN O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
synthase NN O
( , O
iNOS NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
basic JJ O
fibroblast NN O
growth NN O
factor NN O
( , O
bFGF NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
tumor NN B-Disease
growth NN O
factor NN O
- HYPH O
beta1 NN O
( : O
TGF NNP O
- HYPH O
beta1 NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
fenoldopam NN O
for IN O
24 CD O
hours NNS O
by IN O
intravenous JJ O
infusion NN O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
following VBG O
repeated VBN O
daily JJ O
oral JJ O
administrations NNS O
of IN O
theophylline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Irrespective RB O
of IN O
theophylline NN O
administration NN O
, , O
iNOS NNP O
antigens NNS O
were VBD O
remarkably RB O
abundant JJ O
in IN O
ED NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
cells NNS O
on IN O
day NN O
5 CD O
and CC O
8 CD O
post NN O
- HYPH O
fenoldopam NN O
- HYPH O
infusion NN O
( -LRB- O
DPI NNP O
) -RRB- O
; , O
bFGF NNP O
antigens NNS O
were VBD O
remarkably RB O
abundant JJ O
in IN O
ED NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
cells NNS O
on IN O
1 CD O
and CC O
3 CD O
DPI NNP O
; : O
TGF NNP O
- HYPH O
beta1 NN O
antigens NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
ED NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
cells NNS O
on IN O
and CC O
after IN O
5 CD O
DPI NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
peak NN O
expression NN O
of IN O
iNOS NNP O
antigen NN O
was VBD O
followed VBN O
by IN O
that DT O
of IN O
bFGF NNP O
antigen NN O
, , O
and CC O
bFGF NNP O
may MD O
have VB O
a DT O
suppressive JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
iNOS NNP O
expression NN O
in IN O
these DT O
rat NN O
arteritis NN B-Disease
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
TGF NNP O
- HYPH O
beta1 NNP O
was VBD O
not RB O
considered VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
suppressive JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
iNOS NNP O
expression NN O
in IN O
these DT O
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
striatum NN O
as IN O
a DT O
target NN O
for IN O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
rigor NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
an DT O
antagonist NN O
of IN O
mGluR1 NNP O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
an DT O
agonist NN O
of IN O
group NN O
II NN O
metabotropic JJ O
glutamate NN O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
find VB O
out RP O
whether IN O
the DT O
metabotropic JJ O
receptor NN O
1 CD O
( SYM O
mGluR1 NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
group NN O
II NNP O
mGluRs NNP O
, , O
localized VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
, , O
are VBP O
involved VBN O
in IN O
antiparkinsonian JJ O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
effects NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haloperidol NNP O
( : O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
induced VBN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
, , O
measured VBN O
as IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
resistance NN O
of IN O
a DT O
rat NN O
' '' O
s NN O
hind JJ O
foot NN O
to IN O
passive JJ O
flexion NN O
and CC O
extension NN O
at IN O
the DT O
ankle NN O
joint NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
( -LRB- O
RS NNP O
) : O
- : O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
aminoindan NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
dicarboxylic NN O
acid NN O
( : O
AIDA NN O
; : O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
15 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
potent JJ O
and CC O
selective JJ O
mGluR1 NNP O
antagonist NN O
, , O
or CC O
( , O
2R CD O
, , O
4R CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
aminopyrrolidine NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dicarboxylate NN O
( -LRB- O
2R CD O
, , O
4R CD O
- HYPH O
APDC NN O
; : O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- SYM O
15 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
selective JJ O
group NN O
II NN O
agonist NN O
, , O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
bilaterally RB O
into IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AIDA NNP O
in IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- SYM O
15 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
diminished VBD O
the DT O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
2R CD O
, , O
4R NNP O
- HYPH O
APDC NNP O
injections NNS O
were VBD O
ineffective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
results NNS O
may MD O
suggest VB O
that IN O
the DT O
blockade NN O
of IN O
striatal JJ O
mGluR1 NNP O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
the DT O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
group NN O
II NNP O
mGluRs NNP O
, , O
may MD O
ameliorate VB O
parkinsonian JJ B-Disease
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
phase NN O
II NNP O
study NN O
of IN O
thalidomide NN O
in IN O
advanced JJ O
metastatic JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
toxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
activity NN O
of IN O
thalidomide NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
metastatic JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
and CC O
to TO O
measure VB O
changes NNS O
of IN O
one CD O
angiogenic JJ O
factor NN O
, , O
vascular JJ O
endothelial JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
( , O
VEGF NNP O
) -RRB- O
165 CD O
, , O
with IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
29 CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
enrolled VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
study NN O
of IN O
thalidomide NN O
using VBG O
an DT O
intra JJ O
- HYPH O
patient NN O
dose NN O
escalation NN O
schedule NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
began VBD O
thalidomide NN O
at IN O
400 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
d JJ O
and CC O
escalated VBD O
as IN O
tolerated VBN O
to IN O
1200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
d CD O
by IN O
day NN O
54 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifty CD O
- HYPH O
nine CD O
per NN O
cent NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
had VBN O
previous JJ O
therapy NN O
with IN O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
and CC O
52 CD O
% NN O
were VBD O
performance NN O
status NN O
2 CD O
or CC O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systemic JJ O
plasma NN O
VEGF165 NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
by IN O
dual JJ O
monoclonal JJ O
ELISA NNP O
in IN O
8 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
24 CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
evaluable JJ O
for IN O
response NN O
with IN O
one CD O
partial JJ O
response NN O
of IN O
11 CD O
months NNS O
duration NN O
of IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
hepatic JJ O
and CC O
pulmonary JJ O
metastases NNS B-Disease
( : O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
one CD O
minor JJ O
response NN O
, , O
and CC O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
stable JJ O
for IN O
over IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Somnolence NN B-Disease
and CC O
constipation NN B-Disease
were VBD O
prominent JJ O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
and CC O
most JJS O
patients NNS O
could MD O
not RB O
tolerate VB O
the DT O
1200 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
dose NN O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systemic JJ O
plasma NN O
VEGF165 NN O
levels NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
with IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
These DT O
results NNS O
are VBP O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
level NN O
of IN O
activity NN O
of IN O
thalidomide NN O
in IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
doses NNS O
over IN O
800 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
was VBD O
difficult JJ O
to TO O
achieve VB O
in IN O
this DT O
patient JJ O
population NN O
, , O
however WRB O
lower JJR O
doses NNS O
were VBD O
practical JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
response NN O
relationship NN O
, , O
if IN O
any DT O
, , O
of IN O
thalidomide NN O
for IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Can MD O
lidocaine NN O
reduce VB O
succinylcholine NN O
induced VBN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
myalgia NN I-Disease
? . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
pretreatment NN O
on IN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
succinylcholine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myalgia NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
general JJ O
anesthesia NN O
for IN O
gynecological JJ O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
hundred CD O
and CC O
thirty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
one CD O
of IN O
three CD O
groups NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
prospective JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
blind JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
manner NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Group NNP O
PS NNP O
, , O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
, , O
received VBD O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
and CC O
succinylcholine NN O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
x NN O
kg NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
Group NNP O
LS NNP O
, , O
lidocaine NN O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
x NN O
kg NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
succinylcholine NN O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg CD O
x NN O
kg NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
Group NN O
PR NN O
, , O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
and CC O
rocuronium NN O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mg NN O
x NN O
kg NNS O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Morphine NN O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
x NN O
kg NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
iv NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
for IN O
premedication NN O
and CC O
all DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
monitored VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
noninvasive JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
monitor NN O
, , O
ECG NN O
and CC O
pulse NN O
oximetry NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anesthesia NN O
was VBD O
induced VBN O
with IN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
kg NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) SYM O
thiopental JJ O
iv NN O
. , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
succinylcholine NN O
( , O
Group NNP O
PS NNP O
, , O
LS NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
rocuronium NN O
( , O
Group NNP O
PR NN O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
tracheal JJ O
intubation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
administration NN O
of IN O
these DT O
agents NNS O
, , O
the DT O
presence NN O
, , O
and CC O
degree NN O
of IN O
fasciculation NN B-Disease
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
visually RB O
on IN O
a DT O
four CD O
point NN O
scale NN O
by IN O
one CD O
investigator NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
blinded VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
administered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
each DT O
patient NN O
were VBD O
monitored VBN O
on IN O
nine CD O
occasions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
four CD O
hours NNS O
later RB O
, , O
any DT O
myalgia NN B-Disease
experienced VBN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
according VBG O
to IN O
a DT O
structured VBN O
questionaire NN O
and CC O
graded VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
four CD O
point NN O
scale NN O
by IN O
one CD O
investigator NN O
blinded VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
intraoperative JJ O
management NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
fasciculation NN I-Disease
was VBD O
not RB O
found VBN O
in IN O
Group NNP O
PR NN O
while IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
in IN O
Group NNP O
LS NNP O
had VBD O
a DT O
lower JJR O
incidence NN O
of IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
fasciculation NN I-Disease
than IN O
those DT O
in IN O
Group NNP O
PS NNP O
( : O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
, , O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
myalgia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
higher JJR O
in IN O
Group NNP O
PS NNP O
than IN O
in IN O
Group NNP O
LS NNP O
and CC O
PR NN O
( : O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
correlation NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
found VBN O
between IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
myalgia NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
fasciculation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
systolic JJ O
and CC O
diastolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
were VBD O
not RB O
significant JJ O
among IN O
the DT O
three CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
where WRB O
succinylcholine NN O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
, , O
lidocaine NN O
is VBZ O
proven VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
the DT O
useful JJ O
pretreatment NN O
agent NN O
for IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
myalgia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reduced VBN O
sodium NN O
channel NN O
density NN O
, , O
altered VBN O
voltage NN O
dependence NN O
of IN O
inactivation NN O
, , O
and CC O
increased VBN O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
lacking VBG O
sodium NN O
channel NN O
beta NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
subunits NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sodium NN O
channel NN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
subunits NNS O
modulate VBP O
channel NN O
gating NN O
, , O
assembly NN O
, , O
and CC O
cell NN O
surface NN O
expression NN O
in IN O
heterologous JJ O
cell NN O
systems NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
generated VBD O
beta2 NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
beta2 NN O
in IN O
control NN O
of IN O
sodium NN O
channel NN O
density NN O
, , O
localization NN O
, , O
and CC O
function NN O
in IN O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
vivo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Measurements NNS O
of IN O
[ -LRB- O
( , O
3 CD O
) SYM O
H NN O
] -RRB- O
saxitoxin NN O
( -LRB- O
STX NN O
) -RRB- O
binding NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
membrane NN O
sodium NN O
channels NNS O
in IN O
beta2 NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
neurons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
loss NN O
of IN O
beta2 NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
negative JJ O
shifts NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
voltage NN O
dependence NN O
of IN O
inactivation NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
significant JJ O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
sodium NN O
current JJ O
density NN O
in IN O
acutely RB O
dissociated VBN O
hippocampal JJ O
neurons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
integral NN O
of IN O
the DT O
compound NN O
action NN O
potential NN O
in IN O
optic JJ O
nerve NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
threshold NN O
for IN O
action NN O
potential JJ O
generation NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
functional JJ O
plasma NN O
membrane NN O
sodium NN O
channels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
the DT O
conduction NN O
velocity NN O
, , O
the DT O
number NN O
and CC O
size NN O
of IN O
axons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
optic NN O
nerve NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
specific JJ O
localization NN O
of IN O
Na NNP O
( , O
v NN O
) SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
channels NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
nodes NNS O
of IN O
Ranvier NNP O
were VBD O
unchanged JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
beta2 NN O
( : O
- : O
/ : O
- : O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
displayed VBD O
increased VBN O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
as IN O
indicated VBN O
by IN O
reduced VBN O
latency NN O
and CC O
threshold NN O
for IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
seemed VBD O
normal JJ O
in IN O
other JJ O
neurological JJ O
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
observations NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
beta2 NN O
- HYPH O
subunits NNS O
play VBP O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
regulation NN O
of IN O
sodium NN O
channel NN O
density NN O
and CC O
function NN O
in IN O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
vivo NN O
and CC O
are VBP O
required VBN O
for IN O
normal JJ O
action NN O
potential JJ O
generation NN O
and CC O
control NN O
of IN O
excitability NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
with IN O
concurrent JJ O
bupropion NN O
and CC O
carbimazole NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
fatal JJ O
liver NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
possibly RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
concurrent JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
and CC O
carbimazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NNP O
SUMMARY NNP O
: : O
A DT O
41 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
Chinese JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
hyperthyroidism NN B-Disease
had VBD O
been VBN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
carbimazole NN O
and CC O
propranolol NN O
for IN O
the DT O
past JJ O
5 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
received VBD O
a DT O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
course NN O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
as IN O
an DT O
aid NN O
for IN O
smoking NN O
cessation NN O
10 CD O
weeks NNS O
prior RB O
to IN O
presentation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
developed VBD O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
with IN O
rapid JJ O
deterioration NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN O
biopsy NN O
showed VBD O
evidence NN O
of IN O
nonspecific JJ O
drug NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
induced VBN I-Disease
acute JJ I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
His PRP$ O
condition NN O
was VBD O
further RB O
complicated VBN O
by IN O
sepsis NNS B-Disease
and CC O
coagulopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Death NN O
resulted VBD O
19 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
likelihood NN O
that IN O
bupropion NN O
induced VBD O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
our PRP$ O
patient NN O
was VBD O
possible JJ O
, , O
based VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
Naranjo NNP O
probability NN O
scale NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
Although IN O
there EX O
is VBZ O
increasing VBG O
evidence NN O
of IN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
bupropion NN O
, , O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
fatality NN O
that WDT O
could MD O
have VB O
resulted VBN O
from IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
receiving VBG O
bupropion NN O
while IN O
on IN O
concomitant JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
carbimazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Clinicians NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
insult NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
bupropion NN O
given VBN O
concurrently RB O
with IN O
other JJ O
hepatotoxic JJ B-Disease
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pyeloureteral JJ O
filling NN O
defects NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
systemic JJ O
anticoagulation NN O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
etiology NN O
of IN O
pyeloureteritis NN B-Disease
cystica NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
long RB O
been VBN O
attributed VBN O
to IN O
chronic JJ O
infection NN B-Disease
and CC O
inflammation NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
unique JJ O
in IN O
that IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
onset NN O
and CC O
the DT O
rapid JJ O
resolution NN O
of IN O
pyeloureteral JJ O
filling NN O
defects NNS O
in IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
were VBD O
documented VBN O
by IN O
radiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
no DT O
evidence NN O
of IN O
antecedent JJ O
or CC O
concurrent JJ O
infection NN B-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
disease NN O
occurred VBD O
subsequent JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
initiation NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
suspected VBN O
pelvic JJ O
thrombophlebitis NN B-Disease
and CC O
cleared VBD O
rapidly RB O
subsequent JJ O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
discontinuation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
resolution NN O
of IN O
the DT O
radiographic JJ O
findings NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
helpful JJ O
in IN O
distinguishing VBG O
between IN O
true JJ O
pyeloureteritis NN B-Disease
cystica NN I-Disease
and CC O
submucosal JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
in IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
use NN O
of IN O
iodinated JJ O
contrast NN O
medium NN O
can MD O
result VB O
in IN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whether IN O
iso NNP O
- HYPH O
osmolar NN O
contrast NN O
medium NN O
is VBZ O
less RBR O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
than IN O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
osmolar JJ O
contrast NN O
medium NN O
in IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
patients NNS O
is VBZ O
uncertain JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
conducted VBD O
a DT O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
prospective JJ O
, , O
multicenter JJ O
study NN O
comparing VBG O
the DT O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
an DT O
iso NN O
- HYPH O
osmolar NN O
, , O
dimeric JJ O
, , O
nonionic JJ O
contrast NN O
medium NN O
, , O
iodixanol NN O
, , O
with IN O
those DT O
of IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
osmolar JJ O
, , O
nonionic JJ O
, , O
monomeric JJ O
contrast NN O
medium NN O
, , O
iohexol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
study NN O
involved VBD O
129 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
with IN O
serum JJ O
creatinine NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
to TO O
3 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
coronary JJ O
or CC O
aortofemoral JJ O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
primary JJ O
end NN O
point NN O
was VBD O
the DT O
peak NN O
increase NN O
from IN O
base NN O
line NN O
in IN O
the DT O
creatinine NN O
concentration NN O
during IN O
the DT O
three CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Other JJ O
end NN O
points NNS O
were VBD O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
creatinine NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
or CC O
more JJR O
, , O
an DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NNS O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
or CC O
more JJR O
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
change NN O
in IN O
the DT O
creatinine NN O
concentration NN O
from IN O
day NN O
0 CD O
to IN O
day NN O
7 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
creatinine NN O
concentration NN O
increased VBD O
significantly RB O
less JJR O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
iodixanol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
day NN O
0 CD O
to IN O
day NN O
3 CD O
, , O
the DT O
mean JJ O
peak NN O
increase NN O
in IN O
creatinine NN O
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
13 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
in IN O
the DT O
iodixanol NN O
group NN O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
55 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
in IN O
the DT O
iohexol NN O
group NN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
; : O
the DT O
increase NN O
with IN O
iodixanol NN O
minus CC O
the DT O
increase NN O
with IN O
iohexol NN O
, , O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
42 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
[ -LRB- O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
73 CD O
to TO O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
22 CD O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
of IN O
the DT O
64 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
iodixanol NN O
group NN O
( : O
3 CD O
percent NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
creatinine NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
or CC O
more JJR O
, , O
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
17 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
65 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
iohexol NN O
group NN O
( : O
26 CD O
percent NN O
) -RRB- O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
002 CD O
; : O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
for IN O
such PDT O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
iodixanol NN O
group NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
09 CD O
[ -LRB- O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
41 CD O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
patient NN O
receiving VBG O
iodixanol NN O
had VBD O
an DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
or CC O
more JJR O
, , O
but CC O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
iohexol NN O
group NN O
( : O
15 CD O
percent NN O
) -RRB- O
did VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
change NN O
in IN O
the DT O
creatinine NN O
concentration NN O
from IN O
day NN O
0 CD O
to IN O
day NN O
7 CD O
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
07 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
in IN O
the DT O
iodixanol NN O
group NN O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
24 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
in IN O
the DT O
iohexol NN O
group NN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
003 CD O
; : O
value NN O
in IN O
the DT O
iodixanol NN O
group NN O
minus IN O
the DT O
value NN O
in IN O
the DT O
iohexol NN O
group NN O
, , O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
17 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
deciliter NN O
[ -LRB- O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
34 CD O
to TO O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
07 CD O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Nephropathy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
contrast NN O
medium NN O
may MD O
be VB O
less RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
develop VB O
in IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
patients NNS O
when WRB O
iodixanol NN O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
rather RB O
than IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
osmolar JJ O
, , O
nonionic JJ O
contrast NN O
medium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
edaravone NN O
against IN O
streptomycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
vestibulotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
guinea NN O
pig NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
investigated VBD O
alleviation NN O
of IN O
streptomycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
vestibulotoxicity NN B-Disease
by IN O
edaravone NN O
in IN O
guinea NN O
pigs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Edaravone NNP O
, , O
a DT O
free JJ O
radical JJ O
scavenger NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
potent JJ O
free JJ O
radical JJ O
quenching NN O
action NN O
and CC O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
practice NN O
to TO O
treat VB O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Streptomycin NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
inner JJ O
ear NN O
by IN O
osmotic JJ O
pump NN O
for IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
, , O
and CC O
edaravone NN O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
saline NN O
( HYPH O
n NN O
= SYM O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
intraperitoneally RB O
injected VBN O
once RB O
a DT O
day NN O
for IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
observed VBD O
horizontal JJ O
vestibulo NN O
- HYPH O
ocular JJ O
reflex NN O
as IN O
a DT O
marker NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ O
vestibular JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Animals NNS O
injected VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
showed VBD O
statistically RB O
smaller JJR O
gains NNS O
than IN O
those DT O
injected VBN O
with IN O
edaravone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
edaravone NN O
suppresses VBZ O
streptomycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
vestibulotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Levodopa NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
oromandibular JJ O
dystonia NN B-Disease
in IN O
progressive JJ B-Disease
supranuclear JJ I-Disease
palsy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Levodopa NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
and CC O
multiple JJ B-Disease
system NN I-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cranial JJ O
dystonias NNS B-Disease
are VBP O
rare JJ O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
progressive JJ B-Disease
supranuclear JJ I-Disease
palsy NN I-Disease
( , O
PSP NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
report NN O
we PRP O
describe VBP O
an DT O
unusual JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
reversible JJ O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
Oromandibular JJ B-Disease
dystonia NN I-Disease
( , O
OMD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
a DT O
PSP NNP B-Disease
patient NN O
to TO O
highlight VB O
the DT O
importance NN O
of IN O
recognizing VBG O
this DT O
drug NN O
related VBN O
complication NN O
in IN O
the DT O
management NN O
of IN O
PSP NNP B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
discuss VB O
the DT O
possible JJ O
underlying VBG O
pathophysiology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Case NN O
report NN O
: : O
Dexatrim NNP O
( : O
Phenylpropanolamine NNP O
) -RRB- O
as IN O
a DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phenylpropanolamine NN O
( -LRB- O
PPA NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
sympathetic JJ O
amine NN O
used VBN O
in IN O
over IN O
- HYPH O
the DT O
- HYPH O
counter NN O
cold JJ O
remedies NNS O
and CC O
weight NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
preparations NNS O
worldwide RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Its PRP$ O
use NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS O
and CC O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
strokes NNS I-Disease
in IN O
younger JJR O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Several JJ O
reports NNS O
have VBP O
linked VBN O
the DT O
abuse NN O
of IN O
PPA NNP O
with IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
, , O
especially RB O
when WRB O
overdose NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
involved VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
here RB O
the DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
Dexatrim NNP O
( , O
PPA NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
young JJ O
woman NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
using VBG O
it PRP O
at IN O
recommended VBN O
doses NNS O
for IN O
weight NN O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
we PRP O
review VBP O
the DT O
7 CD O
other JJ O
cases NNS O
of IN O
PPA NNP O
related VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
that WDT O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
so RB O
far RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Physicians NNS O
and CC O
patients NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
alert JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
potential JJ O
cardiac JJ O
risk NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
PPA NNP O
, , O
even RB O
at IN O
doses NNS O
generally RB O
considered VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
safe JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Differential JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
serum NN O
creatine JJ O
kinase NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
systemic JJ B-Disease
lupus NN I-Disease
erythematosus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
bioptic JJ O
findings NNS O
for IN O
a DT O
57 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
severe JJ O
chloroquine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
1989 CD O
, , O
she PRP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
systemic JJ B-Disease
lupus NN I-Disease
erythematosus NN I-Disease
( , O
SLE NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
with IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
involvement NN I-Disease
and CC O
undergone VBN O
periods NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
azathioprine NN O
and CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additional JJ O
therapy NN O
with IN O
chloroquine NN O
( -LRB- O
CQ NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
started VBN O
because IN O
of IN O
arthralgia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
time NN O
, , O
slightly RB O
increased VBN O
creatine JJ O
kinase NN O
( -LRB- O
CK NNP O
) -RRB- O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myositis NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
suspected VBN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
steroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
CK NNP O
increase NN O
persisted VBD O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
and CC O
she PRP O
developed VBD O
progressive JJ O
muscular JJ B-Disease
weakness NN I-Disease
and CC O
muscular JJ B-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Routine JJ O
controls NNS O
revealed VBD O
markedly RB O
elevated VBN O
CK NNP O
levels NNS O
of IN O
1 CD O
, , O
700 CD O
U NNS O
/ SYM O
l CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
neurological JJ O
and CC O
electrophysiological JJ O
findings NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
typical JJ O
of IN O
myositis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
muscle NN O
biopsy NN O
of IN O
the DT O
deltoid NN O
muscle NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
exclude VB O
polymyositis NN B-Disease
or CC O
toxic JJ O
myopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
it PRP O
revealed VBD O
chloroquine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
medication NN O
was VBD O
stopped VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Discriminating VBG O
between IN O
primary JJ O
SLE NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
affection NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
musculoskeletal JJ I-Disease
system NN I-Disease
and CC O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
is VBZ O
important JJ O
for IN O
appropriate JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
SLE NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizure NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
sleep NN B-Disease
deprivation NN I-Disease
and CC O
sustained JJ O
- HYPH O
release NN O
bupropion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
report NN O
describes VBZ O
a DT O
generalized VBN O
seizure NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
sustained VBN O
- HYPH O
release NN O
bupropion NN O
use NN O
and CC O
sleep NN B-Disease
deprivation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
subject NN O
, , O
a DT O
31 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
female JJ O
smoker NN O
, , O
was VBD O
participating VBG O
in IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
trial NN O
evaluating VBG O
an DT O
investigational JJ O
medication NN O
for IN O
smoking NN O
cessation NN O
that WDT O
used VBD O
sustained VBN O
- HYPH O
release NN O
bupropion NN O
as IN O
an DT O
active JJ O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
5 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
use NN O
, , O
the DT O
subject NN O
experienced VBD O
a DT O
generalized JJ O
tonic NN O
clonic JJ O
seizure NN B-Disease
after IN O
staying VBG O
up RP O
nearly RB O
all DT O
night NN O
packing VBG O
and CC O
moving VBG O
to IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
residence NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
other JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
for IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
sleep NN B-Disease
deprivation NN I-Disease
may MD O
add VB O
to IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postoperative JJ B-Disease
myalgia NN I-Disease
after IN O
succinylcholine NN O
: : O
no DT O
evidence NN O
for IN O
an DT O
inflammatory JJ O
origin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
common JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
succinylcholine NN O
is VBZ O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
myalgia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
this DT O
myalgia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
still RB O
unclear JJ O
; : O
inflammation NN B-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
suggested VBN O
but CC O
without IN O
convincing JJ O
evidence NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
designed VBD O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
whether IN O
an DT O
inflammatory JJ O
reaction NN O
contributes VBZ O
to IN O
this DT O
myalgia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
succinylcholine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
myalgia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
determined VBN O
in IN O
64 CD O
patients NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
or CC O
dexamethasone NN O
before IN O
succinylcholine NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
32 CD O
for IN O
each DT O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
myalgia NN B-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
significantly RB O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
: : O
15 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
dexamethasone NN O
group NN O
complained VBD O
of IN O
myalgia NN B-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
18 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
saline JJ O
group NN O
, , O
and CC O
severe JJ O
myalgia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
reported VBN O
by IN O
five CD O
patients NNS O
and CC O
three CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
( , O
not RB O
significant JJ O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
48 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
surgery NN O
, , O
12 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
still RB O
suffered VBD O
from IN O
myalgia NN B-Disease
( , O
not RB O
significant JJ O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
interleukin NN O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
( , O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
as IN O
an DT O
early JJ O
marker NN O
of IN O
inflammation NN B-Disease
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
subgroup NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
found VBD O
an DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
for IN O
only RB O
three CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
but CC O
only RB O
one CD O
patient NN O
reported VBD O
myalgia NN B-Disease
; : O
no DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
myalgia NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
was VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
there EX O
is VBZ O
no DT O
evidence NN O
for IN O
an DT O
inflammatory JJ O
origin NN O
of IN O
succinylcholine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
myalgia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
IMPLICATIONS NNS O
: : O
Administration NN O
of IN O
dexamethasone NN O
before IN O
succinylcholine NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
decreasing VBG O
the DT O
incidence NN O
or CC O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
succinylcholine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
myalgia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
relationship NN O
between IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
myalgia NN I-Disease
and CC O
time NN O
course NN O
of IN O
interleukin NN O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
concentrations NNS O
, , O
a DT O
marker NN O
of IN O
inflammation NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
with IN O
dexamethasone NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
justified VBN O
to TO O
prevent VB O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
myalgia NN I-Disease
after IN O
succinylcholine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
lindane NN O
on IN O
hepatic JJ O
and CC O
brain NN O
cytochrome NN O
P450s NNS O
and CC O
influence NN O
of IN O
P450 NN O
modulation NN O
in IN O
lindane NN O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
lindane NN O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
, , O
10 CD O
and CC O
15 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
body NN O
weight NN O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
5 CD O
days NNS O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
produce VB O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
activity NN O
of IN O
P450 NN O
dependent JJ O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
ethoxyresorufin NN O
- HYPH O
O NNP O
- HYPH O
deethylase NNP O
( -LRB- O
EROD NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
pentoxyresorufin NN O
- HYPH O
O NN O
- HYPH O
dealkylase NN O
( , O
PROD NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
N NN O
- HYPH O
nitrosodimethylamine NN O
demethylase NN O
( , O
NDMA NN O
- HYPH O
d NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
rat NN O
brain NN O
and CC O
liver NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hepatic JJ O
and CC O
brain NN O
P450 NN O
monooxygenases NNS O
was VBD O
also RB O
observed VBN O
when WRB O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
exposure NN O
of IN O
low JJ O
dose NN O
( , O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
lindane NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
from IN O
5 CD O
days NNS O
to IN O
15 CD O
or CC O
21 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
observed VBN O
with IN O
different JJ O
doses NNS O
, , O
the DT O
magnitude NN O
of IN O
induction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
activity NN O
of IN O
P450 NN O
monooxygenases NNS O
was VBD O
several JJ O
fold NN O
higher JJR O
in IN O
liver NN O
microsomes NNS O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Western JJ O
blotting NN O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
indicated VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
P450 NN O
enzymes NNS O
could MD O
be VB O
due IN O
to IN O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
P450 NNP O
1A1 CD O
/ SYM O
1A2 CD O
, , O
2B1 CD O
/ SYM O
2B2 CD O
and CC O
2E1 CD O
isoenzymes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vitro FW O
studies NNS O
using VBG O
organic JJ O
inhibitors NNS O
specific JJ O
for IN O
individual JJ O
P450 NN O
isoenzymes NNS O
and CC O
antibody NN O
inhibition NN O
experiments NNS O
have VBP O
further RB O
demonstrated VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
activity NN O
of IN O
PROD NNP O
, , O
EROD NNP O
and CC O
NDMA NNP O
- HYPH O
d NNP O
are VBP O
due IN O
to IN O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
levels NNS O
of IN O
P450 NN O
2B1 CD O
/ SYM O
2B2 CD O
, , O
1A1 CD O
/ SYM O
1A2 CD O
and CC O
2E1 CD O
isoenzymes NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Induction NN O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
further RB O
shown VBN O
that IN O
while IN O
pretreatment NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
methylcholanthrene NN O
( -LRB- O
MC NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
inducer NN O
of IN O
P4501A1 NNP O
/ SYM O
1A2 CD O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
produce VB O
any DT O
significant JJ O
effect NN O
in IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
lindane NN O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
, , O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
phenobarbital NN O
( , O
PB NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
inducer NN O
of IN O
P450 NN O
2B1 CD O
/ SYM O
2B2 CD O
or CC O
ethanol NN O
, , O
an DT O
inducer NN O
of IN O
P450 NNP O
2E1 CD O
catalysed VBN O
reactions NNS O
, , O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
lindane NN O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similarly RB O
, , O
when WRB O
the DT O
P450 NNP O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
metabolism NN O
of IN O
lindane NN O
was VBD O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
cobalt NN O
chloride NN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
was VBD O
increased VBN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
lindane NN O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
lindane NN O
per FW O
se FW O
or CC O
its PRP$ O
metabolites NNS O
formed VBN O
by IN O
PB NNP O
or CC O
ethanol NN O
inducible JJ O
P450 NN O
isoenzymes NNS O
are VBP O
involved VBN O
in IN O
its PRP$ O
neurobehavioral JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Absolute JJ O
and CC O
attributable JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
in IN O
women NNS O
on IN O
combined VBN O
cyproterone NN O
acetate NN O
and CC O
ethinylestradiol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
achieve VB O
absolute JJ O
risk NN O
estimates NNS O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thromboembolism NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
VTE NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
among IN O
women NNS O
on IN O
cyproterone NN O
acetate NN O
plus CC O
ethinylestradiol NN O
( , O
CPA NNP O
/ SYM O
EE NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
among IN O
women NNS O
on IN O
combined VBN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
( -LRB- O
COCs NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
From IN O
the DT O
Danish JJ O
National NNP O
Register NNP O
of IN O
Patients NNPS O
( -LRB- O
NRP NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
1996 CD O
to IN O
1998 CD O
, , O
the DT O
records NNS O
of IN O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
million CD O
Danish JJ O
women NNS O
, , O
ages NNS O
15 CD O
to TO O
44 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
searched VBN O
for IN O
evidence NN O
of IN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
COC NNP O
use NN O
was VBD O
ascertained VBN O
through IN O
mailed VBN O
questionnaires NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sales NNS O
statistics NNS O
of IN O
COCs NNP O
and CC O
CPA NNP O
/ SYM O
EE NNP O
were VBD O
provided VBN O
through IN O
Danish NNP O
Drug NNP O
Statistics NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
During IN O
the DT O
time NN O
frame NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
, , O
330 CD O
women NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
had VBN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
while IN O
on IN O
COCs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
these DT O
women NNS O
, , O
67 CD O
were VBD O
on IN O
levonorgestrel NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
COCs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eleven CD O
were VBD O
on IN O
CPA NN O
/ SYM O
EE NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
corresponding VBG O
absolute JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
( HYPH O
range NN O
, , O
3 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
) CD O
per IN O
10 CD O
000 CD O
women NNS O
years NNS O
among IN O
the DT O
women NNS O
on IN O
COCs NNS O
, , O
4 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
( HYPH O
range NN O
, , O
3 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
) CD O
per IN O
10 CD O
000 CD O
women NNS O
years NNS O
among IN O
women NNS O
on IN O
levonorgestrel NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
COCs NNS O
, , O
and CC O
3 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
( HYPH O
range NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
) CD O
per IN O
10 CD O
000 CD O
women NNS O
years NNS O
among IN O
the DT O
women NNS O
on IN O
CPA NNP O
/ SYM O
EE NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
the DT O
absolute JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
VTE NNP B-Disease
among IN O
Danish JJ O
women NNS O
on IN O
COCs NNP O
is VBZ O
similar JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
among IN O
women NNS O
taking VBG O
CPA NNP O
/ SYM O
EE NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
developmental JJ O
toxicology NN O
of IN O
aspirin NN O
( , O
acetylsalicylic NN O
acid NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
rats NNS O
using VBG O
selected VBN O
dosing VBG O
paradigms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
for IN O
nonsteroidal JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
drugs NNS O
( -LRB- O
NSAIDs NNP O
) -RRB- O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
developmental JJ B-Disease
anomalies NNS I-Disease
occurs VBZ O
in IN O
rats NNS O
given VBN O
NSAIDs NNPS O
on IN O
specific JJ O
days NNS O
during IN O
organogenesis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aspirin NN O
( -LRB- O
acetylsalicylic NN O
acid NN O
[ -LRB- O
ASA NNP O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
irreversible JJ O
cyclooxygenase NN O
1 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
induces VBZ O
developmental JJ B-Disease
anomalies NNS I-Disease
when WRB O
administered VBN O
to IN O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
on IN O
gestational JJ O
day NN O
( , O
GD NNP O
) SYM O
9 CD O
, , O
10 CD O
, , O
or CC O
11 CD O
( , O
Kimmel NNP O
CA NNP O
, , O
Wilson NNP O
JG NNP O
, , O
Schumacher NNP O
HJ NNP O
. . O
Teratology NN O
4 CD O
: : O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
24 CD O
, , O
1971 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
are VBP O
no DT O
published VBN O
ASA NNP O
studies NNS O
using VBG O
the DT O
multiple JJ O
dosing NN O
paradigm NN O
of IN O
GDs NNS O
6 CD O
to IN O
17 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Objectives NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
current JJ O
study NN O
were VBD O
to TO O
compare VB O
results NNS O
between IN O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
( : O
SD NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
Wistar NNP O
strains NNS O
when WRB O
ASA NNP O
is VBZ O
administered VBN O
on IN O
GD NNP O
9 CD O
, , O
10 CD O
, , O
or CC O
11 CD O
; : O
to TO O
compare VB O
the DT O
malformation NN O
patterns NNS O
following VBG O
single JJ O
and CC O
multiple JJ O
dosings NNS O
during IN O
organogenesis NN O
in IN O
SD NN O
rats NNS O
; , O
and CC O
to TO O
test VB O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
maternal JJ O
gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
confounds VBZ O
the DT O
detection NN O
of IN O
low JJ O
incidence NN O
malformations NNS B-Disease
with IN O
ASA NNP O
when WRB O
a DT O
multiple JJ O
dosing NN O
paradigm NN O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
ASA NNP O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
on IN O
GD NNP O
9 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
, , O
250 CD O
, , O
500 CD O
, , O
or CC O
625 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
10 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
, , O
500 CD O
, , O
625 CD O
, , O
or CC O
750 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
11 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
, , O
500 CD O
, , O
750 CD O
, , O
or CC O
1000 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
from IN O
GD NNP O
6 CD O
to IN O
GD NNP O
17 CD O
( SYM O
0 CD O
, , O
50 CD O
, , O
125 CD O
, , O
or CC O
250 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
a DT O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
multiple JJ O
dose NN O
study NN O
to IN O
SD NN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Animals NNS O
were VBD O
killed VBN O
on IN O
GD NNP O
21 CD O
, , O
and CC O
fetuses NNS O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
viscerally RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
literature NN O
evaluation NN O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
NSAIDs NNS O
induce VBP O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
septal NN I-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
( , O
VSDs NNS B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
midline NN B-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
( , O
MDs NNS B-Disease
) , O
in IN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
diaphragmatic JJ B-Disease
hernia NN I-Disease
( , O
DH NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
MDs NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
VSDs NNS B-Disease
in IN O
rabbits NNS O
( , O
Cook NNP O
JC NNP O
et NN O
al NNP O
. . O
, , O
2003 CD O
) -RRB- O
; , O
hence RB O
, , O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
focused VBD O
on IN O
these DT O
malformations NNS B-Disease
, , O
even RB O
though IN O
ASA NNP O
induces VBZ O
several JJ O
other JJ O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
incidence NN O
malformations NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
single JJ O
dose NN O
studies NNS O
, , O
DH NNP B-Disease
, , O
MD NNP B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
VSD NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
induced VBN O
on IN O
GDs NNS O
9 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
VSD NNP B-Disease
also RB O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
following VBG O
treatment NN O
on IN O
GD NNP O
11 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
DH NNP B-Disease
and CC O
MD NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
multiple JJ O
dose NN O
study NN O
design NN O
only RB O
in IN O
the DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
group NN O
, , O
and CC O
VSD NN B-Disease
was VBD O
noted VBN O
across IN O
all DT O
dose NN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
High JJ O
concordance NN O
in IN O
major JJ O
developmental JJ B-Disease
anomalies NNS I-Disease
between IN O
Wistar NNP O
and CC O
SD NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
exception NN O
of IN O
VSD NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
SD NN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
hydrocephalus NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Variations NNS O
and CC O
malformations NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
similar JJ O
when WRB O
ASA NNP O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
or CC O
during IN O
the DT O
period NN O
of IN O
organogenesis NN O
( , O
GDs NNS O
6 CD O
to IN O
17 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
also RB O
evident JJ O
that IN O
, , O
by IN O
titrating VBG O
the DT O
dose NN O
to TO O
achieve VB O
a DT O
maximum JJ O
tolerated JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
malformations NNS B-Disease
that WDT O
normally RB O
occur VBP O
at IN O
low JJ O
incidence NN O
, , O
as IN O
reported VBN O
from IN O
previous JJ O
single JJ O
dose NN O
studies NNS O
, , O
could MD O
also RB O
be VB O
induced VBN O
with IN O
ASA NNP O
given VBN O
at IN O
multiple JJ O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reversal NN O
of IN O
central JJ O
benzodiazepine NN O
effects NNS O
by IN O
flumazenil NN O
after IN O
intravenous JJ O
conscious JJ O
sedation NN O
with IN O
diazepam NN O
and CC O
opioids NNS O
: : O
report NN O
of IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
multicenter NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
Flumazenil NN O
in IN O
Intravenous JJ O
Conscious JJ O
Sedation NN O
with IN O
Diazepam NNP O
Multicenter NNP O
Study NN O
Group NNP O
II NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
of IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
benzodiazepine NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
flumazenil NN O
, , O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
multicenter NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flumazenil NNP O
( , O
mean JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
76 CD O
mg NN O
) , O
or CC O
placebo NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
8 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
ml NNS O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
intravenously RB O
to IN O
130 CD O
and CC O
67 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
who WP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
given VBN O
diazepam NN O
in IN O
conjunction NN O
with IN O
an DT O
opioid NN O
( , O
fentanyl NN O
, , O
meperidine NN O
, , O
or CC O
morphine NN O
) , O
for IN O
the DT O
induction NN O
and CC O
maintenance NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
conscious JJ O
sedation NN O
for IN O
diagnostic JJ O
or CC O
therapeutic JJ O
surgical JJ O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
group NN O
assessable JJ O
for IN O
efficacy NN O
comprised VBD O
122 CD O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
flumazenil NN O
and CC O
64 CD O
patients NNS O
given VBN O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
5 CD O
minutes NNS O
, , O
80 CD O
/ SYM O
115 CD O
( SYM O
70 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
flumazenil NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
21 CD O
/ SYM O
63 CD O
( SYM O
33 CD O
% NN O
) SYM O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
completely RB O
awake JJ O
and CC O
alert JJ O
, , O
as IN O
indicated VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
score NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
on IN O
the DT O
Observer NNP O
' POS O
s POS O
Assessment NNP O
of IN O
Alertness NNP O
/ SYM O
Sedation NNP O
Scale NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ninety CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
each DT O
group NN O
who WP O
attained VBD O
a DT O
score NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
at IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
assessment NN O
showed VBD O
no DT O
loss NN O
of IN O
alertness NN O
throughout IN O
the DT O
180 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
assessment NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flumazenil NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
also RB O
performed VBD O
significantly RB O
better RBR O
on IN O
the DT O
Finger NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
Nose NNP O
Test NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
recall NN O
of IN O
pictures NNS O
shown VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
assessment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flumazenil NNP O
was VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
, , O
with IN O
no DT O
serious JJ O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
nine CD O
( : O
30 CD O
% NN O
) NN O
of IN O
flumazenil NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
17 CD O
( SYM O
25 CD O
% NN O
) , O
of IN O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
one CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
adverse JJ O
experiences NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
flumazenil NN O
group NN O
and CC O
nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
injection NN O
- HYPH O
site NN O
pain NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flumazenil NNP O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
promptly RB O
reverse VB O
sedation NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
diazepam NN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
opioids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methylphenidate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
obsessive JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
compulsive JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
in IN O
an DT O
elderly JJ O
man NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
82 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
treatment NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
resistant JJ I-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
and CC O
early JJ O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
was VBD O
started VBN O
on IN O
methylphenidate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Significant JJ O
obsessive JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
compulsive JJ I-Disease
behavior NN I-Disease
ensued VBD O
but CC O
diminished VBD O
over IN O
several JJ O
weeks NNS O
when WRB O
methylphenidate NN O
was VBD O
replaced VBN O
by IN O
fluvoxamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
prior JJ O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
history NN O
, , O
but CC O
he PRP O
had VBD O
a DT O
sister NN O
with IN O
obsessive JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
compulsive JJ I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
appears VBZ O
that IN O
methylphenidate NN O
precipitated VBD O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
pathological JJ O
behavior NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ciprofloxacin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
and CC O
autoimmune JJ B-Disease
hemolytic JJ I-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ciprofloxacin NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
several JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
including VBG O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
and CC O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
both DT O
side NN O
effects NNS O
is VBZ O
extremely RB O
rare JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
report NN O
, , O
we PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
ciprofloxacin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
and CC O
autoimmune JJ B-Disease
hemolytic JJ I-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
improved VBD O
after IN O
stopping VBG O
the DT O
drug NN O
and CC O
initiation NN O
of IN O
steroid NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Unfortunately RB O
, , O
acute JJ O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
was VBD O
irreversible JJ O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
end JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
stage NN I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Potential JJ O
deleterious JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
furosemide NN O
in IN O
radiocontrast NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
furosemide NN O
in IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
intravenous JJ O
fluids NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
radiocontrast NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
18 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
referred VBD O
to IN O
a DT O
radiocontrast NN O
study NN O
, , O
considered VBN O
at IN O
risk NN O
because IN O
of IN O
preexisting JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
, , O
were VBD O
enrolled VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
prospective JJ O
, , O
randomized VBN O
, , O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
, , O
performed VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
secondary JJ O
care NN O
center NN O
of IN O
a DT O
1 CD O
, , O
100 CD O
- HYPH O
bed NN O
private JJ O
university NN O
hospital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
fluids NNS O
, , O
the DT O
treatment NN O
group NN O
received VBD O
furosemide NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
dose NN O
110 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
intravenously RB O
30 CD O
min NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
of IN O
contrast NN O
material NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
control NN O
group NN O
received VBD O
fluids NNS O
( , O
mean JJ O
3 CD O
liters NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Radiological JJ O
studies NNS O
were VBD O
mostly RB O
angiographies NNS O
performed VBN O
with IN O
both CC O
ionic JJ O
and CC O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
ionic JJ O
contrast NN O
material NN O
, , O
at IN O
an DT O
average JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
245 CD O
ml NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ B-Disease
function NN I-Disease
significantly RB I-Disease
deteriorated VBD I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
group NN O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
furosemide NN O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
005 CD O
by IN O
ANOVA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
rise NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
from IN O
145 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
13 CD O
to IN O
182 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
16 CD O
mumol NN O
/ SYM O
l NN O
at IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
, , O
while IN O
no DT O
change NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
( , O
from IN O
141 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
to IN O
142 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
7 CD O
mumol NN O
/ SYM O
l NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
weight NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
furosemide NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furosemide NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
deleterious JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
radiocontrast NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Progestational JJ O
agents NNS O
and CC O
blood NN B-Disease
coagulation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
VII NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thromboembolic JJ B-Disease
and CC O
other JJ O
complications NNS O
of IN O
oral JJ O
contraceptive JJ O
therapy NN O
in IN O
relationship NN O
to IN O
pretreatment NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
blood NN B-Disease
coagulation NN I-Disease
factors NNS O
: : O
summary JJ O
report NN O
of IN O
a DT O
ten CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
a DT O
ten CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
period NN O
, , O
348 CD O
women NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
for IN O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
, , O
877 CD O
patient JJ O
months NNS O
in IN O
four CD O
separate JJ O
studies NNS O
relating VBG O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
to IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
hematologic JJ O
parameters NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Significant JJ O
increases NNS O
in IN O
certain JJ O
factors NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
blood NN B-Disease
coagulation NN I-Disease
and CC O
fibrinolysin NN O
systems NNS O
( -LRB- O
factors NNS O
I PRP O
, , O
II NNP O
, , O
VII NNP O
, , O
VIII NNP O
, , O
IX NNP O
, , O
and CC O
X NNP O
and CC O
plasminogen NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
treated VBN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
complications NNS O
developed VBN O
in IN O
four CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
four CD O
had VBD O
an DT O
abnormal JJ O
blood NN B-Disease
coagulation NN I-Disease
profile NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
"""" `` O
hypercoagulability NN B-Disease
"""" '' O
before IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Some DT O
of IN O
these DT O
findings NNS O
represented VBD O
the DT O
most RBS O
extreme JJ O
abnormalities NNS O
seen VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
entire JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
; : O
some DT O
increased VBD O
further RBR O
during IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
a DT O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
before IN O
receiving VBG O
any DT O
medication NN O
, , O
shortly RB O
after IN O
the DT O
base NN O
- HYPH O
line NN O
values NNS O
were VBD O
obtained VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
retinopathy NN B-Disease
19 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
she PRP O
began VBD O
therapy NN O
, , O
and CC O
another DT O
developed VBD O
thrombophlebitis NN B-Disease
after IN O
27 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
fourth JJ O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
thrombophlebitis NN B-Disease
14 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
contraceptive JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
four CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
of IN O
the DT O
A NN O
or CC O
AB NNP O
blood NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
studies NNS O
suggested VBD O
the DT O
possiblility NN O
of IN O
increased VBN O
propensity NN O
for IN O
thromboembolic JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
possessing VBG O
the DT O
A NN O
antigen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
appears VBZ O
from IN O
these DT O
data NNS O
that IN O
hematologic JJ O
work NN O
- HYPH O
ups NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
useful JJ O
in IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
about JJ O
to TO O
start VB O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
oral JJ O
contraceptive NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Orthostatic JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
occurs VBZ O
following VBG O
alpha NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
blockade NN O
in IN O
chronic JJ O
prazosin NN O
- HYPH O
pretreated VBN O
conscious JJ O
spontaneously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
1 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Studies NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
whether IN O
chronic JJ O
prazosin NN O
treatment NN O
alters VBZ O
the DT O
alpha NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
function NN O
for IN O
orthostatic JJ O
control NN O
of IN O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
in IN O
conscious JJ O
spontaneously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
( -LRB- O
SHR NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
2 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conscious JJ O
SHR NNP O
( -LRB- O
male JJ O
300 CD O
- HYPH O
350 CD O
g CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
90 CD O
degrees NNS O
head NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
tilts NNS O
for IN O
60 CD O
s NNS O
following VBG O
acute JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
prazosin NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg CD O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
rauwolscine NN O
( , O
3 CD O
mg NN O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Orthostatic JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
was VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
average JJ O
decrease NN O
( : O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
MAP NNP O
femoral JJ O
) -RRB- O
over IN O
the DT O
60 CD O
- HYPH O
s NN O
tilt NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
basal JJ O
MAP NN O
of IN O
conscious JJ O
SHR NNP O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
similar JJ O
extent NN O
by IN O
prazosin NN O
( : O
- SYM O
23 CD O
% NN O
( , O
- : O
) CD O
- SYM O
26 CD O
% NN O
MAP NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
rauwolscine NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
16 CD O
% NN O
( : O
- : O
) CD O
- SYM O
33 CD O
% NN O
MAP NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
head NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
tilt NN O
induced VBD O
orthostatic JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
SHR NNP O
treated VBN O
with IN O
prazosin NN O
( : O
- SYM O
16 CD O
% NN O
MAP NNP O
, , O
n NN O
= SYM O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
the DT O
SHR NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
rauwolscine NN O
( : O
less JJR O
than IN O
+ SYM O
2 CD O
% NN O
MAP NNP O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
3 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conscious JJ O
SHR NNP O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
for IN O
4 CD O
days NNS O
with IN O
prazosin NN O
at IN O
2 CD O
mg CD O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
day NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
for IN O
chronic JJ O
alpha NN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
blockade NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MAP NNP O
in IN O
conscious JJ O
SHR NN O
after IN O
chronic JJ O
prazosin NN O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
14 CD O
% NN O
lower JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
untreated JJ O
SHR NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Head NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
tilts NNS O
in IN O
these DT O
rats NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
produce VB O
orthostatic JJ B-Disease
hypotension NN I-Disease
when WRB O
performed VBN O
either CC O
prior RB O
to IN O
or CC O
after IN O
acute JJ O
dosing NN O
of IN O
prazosin NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conversely RB O
, , O
administration NN O
of IN O
rauwolscine NN O
( , O
3 CD O
mg CD O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
chronic JJ O
prazosin NN O
treated VBN O
SHR NNP O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
basal JJ O
MAP NN O
by IN O
12 CD O
- SYM O
31 CD O
% NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
subsequent JJ O
tilts NNS O
induced VBD O
further JJ O
drops NNS O
of IN O
MAP NNP O
by IN O
19 CD O
- SYM O
23 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
these DT O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
4 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pressor NN O
responses NNS O
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
to IN O
the DT O
alpha NN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
agonist NN O
cirazoline NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
alpha NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
agonist NN O
Abbott NNP O
- HYPH O
53693 CD O
( SYM O
1 CD O
and CC O
3 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
noradrenaline NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
in IN O
conscious JJ O
SHR NN O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
chronic JJ O
prazosin NN O
pretreatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both CC O
the DT O
pressor NN O
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
cirazoline NN O
were VBD O
abolished VBN O
in IN O
chronic JJ O
prazosin NN O
treated VBN O
SHR NNP O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
untreated JJ O
SHR NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
the DT O
pressor NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
Abbott NNP O
- HYPH O
53693 CD O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
of IN O
SHR NNP O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
accompanying JJ O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
greater JJR O
in IN O
SHR NNP O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
prazosin NN O
treatment NN O
than IN O
without IN O
such JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
the DT O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
that WDT O
accompanied VBD O
the DT O
noradrenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
pressor NN O
effect NN O
in IN O
SHR NNP O
was VBD O
similar JJ O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
chronic JJ O
prazosin NN O
treatment NN O
despite IN O
a DT O
47 CD O
- SYM O
71 CD O
% NN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pressor NN O
effect NN O
in IN O
chronic JJ O
alpha NN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
blocked VBN O
SHR NNP O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NNP O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
400 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) -RRB- O
null null null-Disease
Hemolytic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
uremic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
ingestion NN O
of IN O
quinine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemolytic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
uremic NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
following VBG O
quinine NN O
ingestion NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
newly RB O
described VBN O
phenomenon NN O
, , O
with IN O
just RB O
two CD O
previous JJ O
descriptions NNS O
of IN O
4 CD O
cases NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
5th JJ O
case NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
reaction NN O
may MD O
be VB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
antibodies NNS O
reactive JJ O
against IN O
platelets NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
quinine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
has VBZ O
included VBN O
use NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
exchange NN O
, , O
prednisone NN O
, , O
aspirin NN O
, , O
and CC O
dipyridamole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patients NNS O
have VBP O
all DT O
regained VBN O
some DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
unclear JJ O
whether IN O
pharmacological JJ O
treatment NN O
or CC O
spontaneous JJ O
resolution NN O
is VBZ O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
improvement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Quinine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
uremic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
probably RB O
occurs VBZ O
more RBR O
often RB O
than IN O
is VBZ O
recognized VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
important JJ O
to TO O
recognize VB O
this DT O
reaction NN O
when WRB O
it PRP O
occurs VBZ O
and CC O
to TO O
avoid VB O
further JJ O
quinine NN O
exposure NN O
, , O
since IN O
the DT O
reaction NN O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
recurrent JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amnestic NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
propranolol JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
elderly JJ O
woman NN O
developed VBD O
an DT O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
subacute JJ O
dementia NN B-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
propranolol NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
manifestations NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
severe JJ O
impairment NN O
of IN O
memory NN O
accounted VBD O
for IN O
virtually RB O
all DT O
of IN O
the DT O
abnormalities NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
evidence NN O
that IN O
cerebral JJ O
reactions NNS O
to IN O
drug NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
can MD O
exhibit VB O
patterns NNS O
that WDT O
suggest VBP O
highly RB O
selective JJ O
involvement NN O
of IN O
functional JJ O
subdivisions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cefotetan NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
immune JJ O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immune JJ O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
a DT O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
adsorption NN O
mechanism NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
described VBN O
primarily RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
penicillins NNS O
and CC O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
generation NN O
cephalosporins NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
anemia NN B-Disease
while IN O
receiving VBG O
intravenous JJ O
cefotetan NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cefotetan NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
antibodies NNS O
were VBD O
detected VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
serum NN O
and CC O
in IN O
an DT O
eluate NN O
prepared VBN O
from IN O
his PRP$ O
red JJ O
blood NN O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
eluate NN O
also RB O
reacted VBD O
weakly RB O
with IN O
red JJ O
blood NN O
cells NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
cefotetan NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
the DT O
concomitant JJ O
formation NN O
of IN O
warm JJ O
- HYPH O
reactive JJ O
autoantibodies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
observations NNS O
, , O
in IN O
conjunction NN O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
laboratory NN O
evidence NN O
of IN O
extravascular JJ O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
, , O
are VBP O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
, , O
possibly RB O
involving VBG O
both CC O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
adsorption NN O
and CC O
autoantibody NN O
formation NN O
mechanisms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
emphasizes VBZ O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
increased VBN O
awareness NN O
of IN O
hemolytic JJ O
reactions NNS O
to IN O
all DT O
cephalosporins NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Use NN O
of IN O
dexamethasone NN O
with IN O
mesna NN O
for IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
AIM NN O
: : O
Hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
HC NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
limiting VBG O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
with IN O
ifosfamide NN O
( -LRB- O
IFS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
study NN O
presented VBN O
here RB O
, , O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
dexamethasone NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
mesna NN O
for IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
IFS NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
HC NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Male JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
( : O
150 CD O
- SYM O
200 CD O
g NN O
; : O
6 CD O
rats NNS O
per IN O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
or CC O
mesna NN O
5 CD O
min NN O
( , O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
before IN O
and CC O
2 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
( , O
v NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
) -RRB- O
administration NN O
of IN O
IFS NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
, , O
two CD O
or CC O
three CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
mesna NN O
were VBD O
replaced VBN O
with IN O
dexamethasone NN O
alone RB O
or CC O
with IN O
dexamethasone NN O
plus CC O
mesna NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cystitis NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
24 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
its PRP$ O
induction NN O
by IN O
the DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
bladder NN O
wet NN O
weight NN O
and CC O
by IN O
macroscopic JJ O
and CC O
microscopic JJ O
analysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
replacement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
dose NN O
or CC O
the DT O
last JJ O
two CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
mesna NN O
with IN O
dexamethasone NN O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
bladder NN O
wet JJ O
weight NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
IFS NNP O
by IN O
84 CD O
. . O
79 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
89 CD O
. . O
13 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
it PRP O
almost RB O
abolished VBD O
the DT O
macroscopic JJ O
and CC O
microscopic JJ O
alterations NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
IFS NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
the DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
dexamethasone NN O
to IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
two CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
mesna NN O
was VBD O
more RBR O
efficient JJ O
than IN O
three CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
mesna NN O
alone RB O
when WRB O
evaluated VBN O
microscopically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Dexamethasone NNP O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
mesna NN O
was VBD O
efficient JJ O
in IN O
blocking VBG O
IFS NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
HC NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
replacement NN O
of IN O
last JJ O
two CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
mesna NN O
with IN O
saline NN O
or CC O
all DT O
of IN O
the DT O
mesna NN O
doses NNS O
with IN O
dexamethasone NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
prevent VB O
HC NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
All RB O
- HYPH O
trans NNS O
- HYPH O
retinoic JJ O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
erythema NN B-Disease
nodosum NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
promyelocytic JJ I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Erythema NNP B-Disease
nodosum NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
all DT O
- HYPH O
trans NNS O
- HYPH O
retinoic JJ O
acid NN O
( , O
ATRA NNP O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
promyelocytic JJ I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
APL NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
very RB O
rare JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
four CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
classic JJ O
APL NNP B-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
erythema NN B-Disease
nodosum NN I-Disease
during IN O
ATRA NNP O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fever NN B-Disease
and CC O
subsequent JJ O
multiple JJ O
painful JJ B-Disease
erythematous JJ B-Disease
nodules NNS I-Disease
over IN O
extremities NNS O
developed VBN O
on IN O
D11 NNP O
, , O
D16 NNP O
, , O
D17 NNP O
, , O
and CC O
D19 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
after IN O
ATRA NNP O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
skin NN O
biopsy NN O
taken VBN O
from IN O
each DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
erythema NN B-Disease
nodosum NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
short JJ O
course NN O
of IN O
steroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fever NNP B-Disease
subsided VBD O
rapidly RB O
and CC O
the DT O
skin NN O
lesions NNS O
regressed VBD O
completely RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
achieved VBD O
complete JJ O
remission NN O
without IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
ATRA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
ATRA NNP O
seemed VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
the DT O
most RBS O
possible JJ O
etiology NN O
of IN O
erythema NN B-Disease
nodosum NN I-Disease
in IN O
our PRP$ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
of IN O
steroid NN O
is VBZ O
very RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
ATRA NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
erythema NN B-Disease
nodosum NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
some DT O
convulsants NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
protective JJ O
activity NN O
of IN O
loreclezole NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
combinations NNS O
with IN O
valproate NN O
or CC O
clonazepam NN O
in IN O
amygdala NN O
- HYPH O
kindled VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Loreclezole NNP O
( : O
5 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
exerted VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
protective JJ O
action NN O
in IN O
amygdala NN O
- HYPH O
kindled VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
reducing VBG O
both CC O
seizure NN B-Disease
and CC O
afterdischarge NN O
durations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
combinations NNS O
of IN O
loreclezole NN O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
valproate NN O
, , O
clonazepam NN O
, , O
or CC O
carbamazepine NN O
( , O
applied VBN O
at IN O
their PRP$ O
subprotective JJ O
doses NNS O
) -RRB- O
also RB O
exhibited VBD O
antiseizure JJ O
effect NN O
in IN O
this DT O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
only RB O
two CD O
first JJ O
combinations NNS O
occurred VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
of IN O
pharmacodynamic JJ O
nature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
several JJ O
chemoconvulsants NNS O
, , O
bicuculline NN O
, , O
N NN O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
D NN O
- HYPH O
aspartic JJ O
acid NN O
and CC O
BAY NNP O
k NNP O
- HYPH O
8644 CD O
( , O
the DT O
opener NN O
of IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
type NN O
calcium NN O
channels NNS O
) -RRB- O
reversed VBD O
the DT O
protective JJ O
activity NN O
of IN O
loreclezole NN O
alone RB O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
combination NN O
with IN O
valproate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
bicuculline NN O
, , O
aminophylline NN O
and CC O
BAY NN O
k NN O
- HYPH O
8644 CD O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
anticonvulsive JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
loreclezole NN O
combined VBN O
with IN O
clonazepam NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
support VBP O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
the DT O
protective JJ O
activity NN O
of IN O
loreclezole NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
combinations NNS O
with IN O
other JJ O
antiepileptics NNS O
may MD O
involve VB O
potentiation NN O
of IN O
GABAergic JJ O
neurotransmission NN O
and CC O
blockade NN O
of IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
type NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
channels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mitochondrial JJ O
DNA NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
respiratory JJ O
chain NN O
products NNS O
are VBP O
defective JJ O
in IN O
doxorubicin NN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Doxorubicin NNP O
induces VBZ O
a DT O
self NN O
- HYPH O
perpetuating VBG O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
characterized VBN O
by IN O
early JJ O
glomerular JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
late JJ I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
onset NN I-Disease
tubular JJ I-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
potential JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
these DT O
lesions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
doxorubicin NN O
( , O
1 CD O
mg CD O
kg NN O
( HYPH O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) SYM O
week NN O
( HYPH O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
7 CD O
weeks NNS O
and CC O
were VBD O
sacrificed VBN O
either CC O
1 CD O
week NN O
( : O
' `` O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
' '' O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
30 CD O
weeks NNS O
( : O
' `` O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
' '' O
) -RRB- O
following VBG O
the DT O
last JJ O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additional JJ O
rats NNS O
received VBD O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
either CC O
6 CD O
days NNS O
or CC O
2 CD O
h NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
euthanasia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
killed VBN O
at IN O
48 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glomerular NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
tubular JJ I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
was VBD O
monitored VBN O
and CC O
correlated VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
activity NN O
or CC O
expression NN O
of IN O
respiratory JJ O
chain NN O
components NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
we PRP O
quantified VBD O
both CC O
nuclear JJ O
and CC O
mitochondrial JJ O
DNA NNP O
( , O
mtDNA NNP O
) -RRB- O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
superoxide NN O
production NN O
and CC O
the DT O
4834 CD O
base NN O
pair NN O
' `` O
common JJ O
' '' O
mtDNA NNP O
deletion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
' `` O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
' '' O
group NN O
had VBD O
significant JJ O
glomerular JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
tubular JJ I-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
, , O
depressed VBN O
activities NNS O
of IN O
mtDNA NNP O
- HYPH O
encoded VBN O
NADH NNP O
dehydrogenase NN O
and CC O
cytochrome NN O
- HYPH O
c NN O
oxidase NN O
( , O
COX NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
increased VBN O
citrate NN O
synthase NN O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
expression NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mtDNA NNP O
- HYPH O
encoded VBN O
COX NN O
subunit NN O
I PRP O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
and CC O
mtDNA NNP O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
decreased VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
' `` O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
' '' O
rats NNS O
, , O
there EX O
were VBD O
fewer JJR O
tubular JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
, , O
but CC O
similar JJ O
numbers NNS O
of IN O
glomerular JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
all DT O
animals NNS O
, , O
glomerular JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
tubular JJ I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
were VBD O
inversely RB O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
mtDNA NNP O
levels NNS O
, , O
mtDNA NN O
- HYPH O
encoded VBN O
respiratory JJ O
chain NN O
activities NNS O
and CC O
with IN O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mtDNA NNP O
- HYPH O
encoded VBN O
respiratory JJ O
chain NN O
subunit NN O
COX NNP O
- HYPH O
I NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Injury NN O
was VBD O
positively RB O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
superoxide NN O
production NN O
and CC O
the DT O
activities NNS O
of IN O
nucleus NN O
- HYPH O
encoded VBN O
mitochondrial JJ O
or CC O
cytoplasmic JJ O
enzymes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Kidneys NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
' `` O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
' '' O
group NN O
showed VBD O
more JJR O
mtDNA NNP O
deletions NNS O
than IN O
in IN O
' `` O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
' '' O
animals NNS O
and CC O
these DT O
were VBD O
not RB O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
for IN O
quantitative JJ O
and CC O
qualitative JJ O
mtDNA NN O
alterations NNS O
through IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
mtDNA NN O
- HYPH O
encoded VBN O
respiratory JJ O
chain NN O
function NN O
and CC O
induction NN O
of IN O
superoxide NN O
in IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
randomized JJ O
, , O
placebo RB O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
, , O
crossover JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
ephedrine NN O
for IN O
SSRI NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
female JJ O
sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
objective NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
ephedrine NN O
, , O
an DT O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
agonist NN O
previously RB O
shown VBN O
to TO O
enhance VB O
genital JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
in IN O
women NNS O
, , O
has VBZ O
beneficial JJ O
effects NNS O
in IN O
reversing VBG O
antidepressant NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nineteen CD O
sexually RB B-Disease
dysfunctional JJ I-Disease
women NNS O
receiving VBG O
either CC O
fluoxetine NN O
, , O
sertraline NN O
, , O
or CC O
paroxetine NN O
participated VBD O
in IN O
an DT O
eight CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
, , O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
over IN O
study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
ephedrine NN O
( , O
50 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
self NN O
- HYPH O
report NN O
measures NNS O
of IN O
sexual JJ O
desire NN O
, , O
arousal NN O
, , O
orgasm NN O
, , O
and CC O
sexual JJ O
satisfaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
there EX O
were VBD O
significant JJ O
improvements NNS O
relative JJ O
to IN O
baseline NN O
in IN O
sexual JJ O
desire NN O
and CC O
orgasm NN O
intensity NN O
/ SYM O
pleasure NN O
on IN O
50 CD O
mg NN O
ephedrine NN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
hr NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
sexual JJ O
activity NN O
, , O
significant JJ O
improvements NNS O
in IN O
these DT O
measures NNS O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
in IN O
sexual JJ O
arousal NN O
and CC O
orgasmic JJ O
ability NN O
also RB O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
highlight VBP O
the DT O
importance NN O
of IN O
conducting VBG O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trials NNS O
for IN O
this DT O
condition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Does VBZ O
hormone NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
have VB O
a DT O
detrimental JJ B-Disease
effect NN I-Disease
on IN I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
cognition NN I-Disease
? . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
pilot NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
pilot NN O
study NN O
examines VBZ O
whether IN O
hormone NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
affects VBZ O
cognition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
participating VBG O
in IN O
a DT O
randomised VBN O
trial NN O
of IN O
anastrozole NN O
, , O
tamoxifen NN O
alone RB O
or CC O
combined VBN O
( , O
ATAC NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
94 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
group NN O
of IN O
women NNS O
without IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
35 CD O
) -RRB- O
completed VBD O
a DT O
battery NN O
of IN O
neuropsychological JJ O
measures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
, , O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
impaired VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
processing NN O
speed NN O
task NN O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
032 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
on IN O
a DT O
measure NN O
of IN O
immediate JJ O
verbal JJ O
memory NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
026 CD O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
controlling VBG O
for IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
hormone NN O
replacement NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patient NN O
group NN O
performance NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
length NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
or CC O
measures NNS O
of IN O
psychological JJ O
morbidity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
showed VBD O
specific JJ O
impairments NNS O
in IN O
processing NN O
speed NN O
and CC O
verbal JJ O
memory NN O
in IN O
women NNS O
receiving VBG O
hormonal JJ O
therapy NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Verbal JJ O
memory NN O
may MD O
be VB O
especially RB O
sensitive JJ O
to IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
oestrogen NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
a DT O
finding NN O
commonly RB O
reported VBN O
in IN O
studies NNS O
of IN O
hormone NN O
replacement NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
view NN O
of IN O
the DT O
increased VBN O
use NN O
of IN O
hormone NN O
therapies NNS O
in IN O
an DT O
adjuvant NN O
and CC O
preventative JJ O
setting NN O
their PRP$ O
impact NN O
on IN O
cognitive JJ O
functioning NN O
should MD O
be VB O
investigated VBN O
more RBR O
thoroughly RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Expression NN O
of IN O
p300 NN O
protects VBZ O
cardiac JJ O
myocytes NNS O
from IN O
apoptosis NN O
in IN O
vivo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doxorubicin NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
tumor NN B-Disease
agent NN O
that WDT O
represses VBZ O
cardiac NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
gene NN O
expression NN O
and CC O
induces VBZ O
myocardial JJ O
cell NN O
apoptosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doxorubicin NN O
depletes VBZ O
cardiac JJ O
p300 NN O
, , O
a DT O
transcriptional JJ O
coactivator NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
required VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
maintenance NN O
of IN O
the DT O
differentiated VBN O
phenotype NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
myocytes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
p300 NN O
in IN O
protection NN O
against IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
apoptosis NN O
is VBZ O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Transgenic JJ O
mice NNS O
overexpressing VBG O
p300 NN O
in IN O
the DT O
heart NN O
and CC O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
doxorubicin NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
mice NNS O
, , O
transgenic JJ O
mice NNS O
exhibited VBD O
higher JJR O
survival NN O
rate NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
more RBR O
preserved VBN O
left VBN O
ventricular JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
cardiac JJ O
expression NN O
of IN O
alpha JJ O
- HYPH O
sarcomeric JJ O
actin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doxorubicin NNP O
induced VBD O
myocardial JJ O
cell NN O
apoptosis NN O
in IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
mice NNS O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
transgenic JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Expression NN O
of IN O
p300 NN O
increased VBD O
the DT O
cardiac JJ O
level NN O
of IN O
bcl NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
and CC O
mdm NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
that DT O
of IN O
p53 NN O
or CC O
other JJ O
members NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
bcl NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
family NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
overexpression NN O
of IN O
p300 NN O
protects VBZ O
cardiac JJ O
myocytes NNS O
from IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
apoptosis NN O
and CC O
reduces VBZ O
the DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
adult NN O
mice NNS O
in IN O
vivo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methimazole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
jaundice NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methimazole NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
widely RB O
used VBN O
and CC O
generally RB O
well RB O
- HYPH O
tolerated VBN O
antithyroid JJ O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
43 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
had VBD O
severe JJ O
jaundice NN B-Disease
and CC O
itching VBG B-Disease
1 CD O
month NN O
after IN O
receiving VBG O
methimazole NN O
( : O
10 CD O
mg NN O
tid NN O
) , O
and CC O
propranolol NN O
( : O
20 CD O
mg NN O
tid NN O
) , O
for IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
hyperthyroidism NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
continued VBD O
treatment NN O
for IN O
another DT O
4 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
appearance NN O
of IN O
jaundice NN B-Disease
until IN O
she PRP O
finished VBD O
both DT O
medications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
seen VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
department NN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
later RB O
, , O
she PRP O
still RB O
had VBD O
severe JJ O
icterus NN B-Disease
, , O
pruritus NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
hyperbilirubinemia NN B-Disease
, , O
formed VBN O
mainly RB O
of IN O
the DT O
conjugated VBN O
fraction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methimazole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
, , O
and CC O
propranolol NN O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
resumed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Over IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
9 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
the DT O
symptoms NNS O
improved VBD O
and CC O
plasma NN O
bilirubin NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
normal JJ O
after IN O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
without IN O
methimazole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
rare JJ O
cases NNS O
within IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
few JJ O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
, , O
this DT O
drug NN O
can MD O
cause VB O
severe JJ O
and CC O
reversible JJ O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
jaundice NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Physicians NNS O
and CC O
patients NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
so IN O
that IN O
, , O
upon IN O
occurrence NN O
, , O
they PRP O
can MD O
discontinue VB O
methimazole NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
avoid VB O
unnecessary JJ O
invasive JJ O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
following VBG O
chemotherapy NN O
for IN O
stage NN O
IIIE NN O
diffuse NN O
large JJ O
B NN O
- HYPH O
cell NN O
gastric JJ B-Disease
lymphoma NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
myotonic JJ B-Disease
dystrophy NN I-Disease
( : O
Steinert NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
authors NNS O
describe VBP O
the DT O
unusual JJ O
association NN O
between IN O
diffuse JJ O
B NN O
- HYPH O
cell NN O
gastric JJ B-Disease
lymphoma NN I-Disease
and CC O
myotonic JJ B-Disease
dystrophy NN I-Disease
, , O
the DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
form NN O
of IN O
adult NN O
muscular JJ B-Disease
dystrophy NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
sudden JJ O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
following VBG O
one CD O
cycle NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
chemotherapy NN O
in IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
or CC O
other JJ O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
are VBP O
unusual JJ O
complications NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
intrinsically RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
aggressive JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
employed VBN O
could MD O
function VB O
as IN O
a DT O
triggering VBG O
factor NN O
for IN O
the DT O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
predisposed VBN O
myocardium NN O
of IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
immune JJ O
reaction NN O
as IN O
a DT O
mechanism NN O
for IN O
dilevalol NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
assess VB O
lymphocyte NN O
reactivity NN O
to IN O
dilevalol NN O
and CC O
to TO O
serum VB O
containing VBG O
putative JJ O
ex NN O
vivo NN O
dilevalol NN O
antigens NNS O
or CC O
metabolites NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
dilevalol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
liver NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENT NN O
: : O
A DT O
58 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
dilevalol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
liver NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Peripheral JJ O
blood NN O
mononuclear JJ O
cells NNS O
collected VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
were VBD O
cultured VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
solution NN O
of IN O
dilevalol NN O
and CC O
also RB O
with IN O
sera NN O
collected VBN O
from IN O
a DT O
volunteer NN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
dilevalol NN O
intake NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
similar JJ O
protocol NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
with IN O
lymphocytes NNS O
from IN O
a DT O
healthy JJ O
subject NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
No DT O
lymphocyte NN O
proliferation NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
either CC O
in IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
or CC O
in IN O
the DT O
healthy JJ O
volunteer NN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
dilevalol NN O
solutions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
significant JJ O
proliferative JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
serum NN O
collected VBN O
after IN O
dilevalol NN O
intake NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
proliferative JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
the DT O
serum NN O
collected VBN O
before IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
intake NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
reactivity NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
when WRB O
lymphocytes NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
healthy JJ O
subject NN O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
under IN O
similar JJ O
conditions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
methodology NN O
used VBN O
allowed VBD O
the DT O
detection NN O
of IN O
lymphocyte NN O
sensitization NN O
to IN O
sera FW O
containing VBG O
ex NN O
vivo NN O
- HYPH O
prepared VBN O
dilevalol NN O
antigens NNS O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
the DT O
involvement NN O
of IN O
an DT O
immunologic JJ O
mechanism NN O
in IN O
dilevalol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
liver NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased VBN O
expression NN O
and CC O
apical JJ O
targeting NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
ENaC NNP O
subunits NNS O
in IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
often RB O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
sodium NN O
retention NN O
and CC O
generalized VBN O
edema NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
molecular JJ O
basis NN O
for IN O
the DT O
decreased VBN O
renal JJ O
sodium NN O
excretion NN O
remains VBZ O
undefined JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
hypothesized VBD O
that IN O
epithelial JJ O
Na NN O
channel NN O
( , O
ENaC NNP O
) -RRB- O
subunit NN O
dysregulation NN O
may MD O
be VB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
increased VBN O
sodium NN O
retention NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
experimental JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
( , O
PAN NNP O
; : O
180 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
iv NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
whereas IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
received VBD O
only JJ O
vehicle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
PAN NNP O
treatment NN O
induced VBD O
significant JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
, , O
hypoalbuminemia NN B-Disease
, , O
decreased VBN O
urinary JJ O
sodium NN O
excretion NN O
, , O
and CC O
extensive JJ O
ascites NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
protein NN O
abundance NN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
ENaC NNP O
and CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
ENaC NNP O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
inner JJ O
stripe NN O
of IN O
the DT O
outer JJ O
medulla NN O
( , O
ISOM NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
inner JJ O
medulla NN O
( , O
IM NN O
) -RRB- O
but CC O
was VBD O
not RB O
altered VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
ENaC NNP O
abundance NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
cortex NN O
, , O
ISOM NNP O
, , O
and CC O
IM NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunoperoxidase NN O
brightfield NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
laser NN O
- HYPH O
scanning VBG O
confocal JJ O
fluorescence NN O
microscopy NN O
demonstrated VBD O
increased VBN O
targeting NN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
ENaC NNP O
, , O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
ENaC NNP O
, , O
and CC O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
ENaC NNP O
subunits NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
apical JJ O
plasma NN O
membrane NN O
in IN O
the DT O
distal JJ O
convoluted VBN O
tubule NN O
( , O
DCT2 NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
connecting VBG O
tubule NN O
, , O
and CC O
cortical JJ O
and CC O
medullary JJ O
collecting NN O
duct NN O
segments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunoelectron NN O
microscopy NN O
further RB O
revealed VBD O
an DT O
increased JJ O
labeling NN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
ENaC NN O
in IN O
the DT O
apical JJ O
plasma NN O
membrane NN O
of IN O
cortical JJ O
collecting NN O
duct NN O
principal JJ O
cells NNS O
of IN O
PAN NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
indicating VBG O
enhanced VBN O
apical JJ O
targeting NN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
ENaC NNP O
subunits NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
the DT O
protein NN O
abundances NNS O
of IN O
Na NNP O
( , O
+ NFP O
) NFP O
/ SYM O
H NN O
( , O
+ NFP O
) -RRB- O
exchanger NN O
type NN O
3 CD O
( , O
NHE3 NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
Na NNP O
( , O
+ CC O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
K NN O
( , O
+ NFP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
2Cl NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
cotransporter NN O
( , O
BSC NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
thiazide NN O
- HYPH O
sensitive JJ O
Na NN O
( , O
+ CC O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
Cl NN O
( -LRB- O
- : O
) -RRB- O
cotransporter NN O
( -LRB- O
TSC NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
decreased VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
the DT O
abundance NN O
of IN O
the DT O
alpha NN O
( , O
1 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
subunit NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Na NNP O
- HYPH O
K NNP O
- HYPH O
ATPase NNP O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
cortex NN O
and CC O
ISOM NNP O
, , O
but CC O
it PRP O
remained VBD O
unchanged JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
IM NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
the DT O
increased JJ O
or CC O
sustained VBN O
expression NN O
of IN O
ENaC NNP O
subunits NNS O
combined VBN O
with IN O
increased VBN O
apical JJ O
targeting NN O
in IN O
the DT O
DCT2 NNP O
, , O
connecting VBG O
tubule NN O
, , O
and CC O
collecting NN O
duct NN O
are VBP O
likely JJ O
to TO O
play VB O
a DT O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
sodium NN O
retention NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
PAN NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
decreased VBN O
abundance NN O
of IN O
NHE3 NNP O
, , O
BSC NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
TSC NNP O
, , O
and CC O
Na NNP O
- HYPH O
K NNP O
- HYPH O
ATPase NNP O
may MD O
play VB O
a DT O
compensatory JJ O
role NN O
to TO O
promote VB O
sodium NN O
excretion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pallidal JJ O
stimulation NN O
: : O
an DT O
alternative NN O
to IN O
pallidotomy NN O
? . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
resurgence NN O
of IN O
interest NN O
in IN O
the DT O
surgical JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
PD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
came VBD O
with IN O
the DT O
rediscovery NN O
of IN O
posteroventral JJ O
pallidotomy NN O
by IN O
Laitinen NNP O
in IN O
1985 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Laitinen NNP O
' POS O
s NN O
procedure NN O
improved VBD O
most JJS O
symptoms NNS O
in IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
resistant JJ O
PD NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
engendered VBD O
wide JJ O
interest NN O
in IN O
the DT O
neurosurgical JJ O
community NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Another DT O
lesioning NN O
procedure NN O
, , O
ventrolateral JJ O
thalamotomy NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
become VBN O
a DT O
powerful JJ O
alternative NN O
to TO O
stimulate VB O
the DT O
nucleus NN O
ventralis NN O
intermedius NN O
, , O
producing VBG O
high JJ O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
success NN O
rates NNS O
and CC O
low JJ O
morbidity NN O
rates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pallidal JJ O
stimulation NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
met VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
success NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
According VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
pallidotomy NN O
improves VBZ O
the DT O
"""" `` O
on IN O
"""" '' O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
PD NN B-Disease
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
the DT O
"""" `` O
off JJ O
"""" '' O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
rigidity NN B-Disease
, , O
bradykinesia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
on IN O
- HYPH O
off NN O
fluctuations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pallidal JJ O
stimulation NN O
improves VBZ O
bradykinesia NN B-Disease
and CC O
rigidity NN B-Disease
to IN O
a DT O
minor JJ O
extent NN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
its PRP$ O
strength NN O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
in IN O
improving VBG O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Stimulation NN O
often RB O
produces VBZ O
an DT O
improvement NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hyper JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
dyskinetic JJ I-Disease
upper JJ O
limbs NNS O
, , O
but CC O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
"""" `` O
freezing VBG O
"""" '' O
phenomenon NN O
in IN O
the DT O
lower JJ O
limbs NNS O
at IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
time NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Considering VBG O
the DT O
small JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' '' O
s POS O
independence NN O
, , O
the DT O
high JJ O
costs NNS O
of IN O
bilateral JJ O
implants NNS O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
difficulty NN O
most JJS O
patients NNS O
experience VBP O
in IN O
handling VBG O
the DT O
devices NNS O
, , O
the DT O
question NN O
arises VBZ O
as IN O
to IN O
whether IN O
bilateral JJ O
pallidal JJ O
stimulation NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
real JJ O
alternative NN O
to IN O
pallidotomy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
cyclooxygenase NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
specific JJ O
inhibitor NN O
valdecoxib NN O
versus IN O
nonsteroidal JJ O
antiinflammatory JJ O
agents NNS O
and CC O
placebo NN O
on IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
events NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
arthritis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
have VBP O
been VBN O
concerns NNS O
that IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
events NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
higher JJR O
with IN O
cyclooxygenase NN O
( -LRB- O
COX NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
inhibitors NNS O
than IN O
nonselective JJ O
nonsteroidal JJ O
antiinflammatory JJ O
drugs NNS O
( -LRB- O
NSAIDs NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
evaluated VBD O
cardiovascular JJ O
event NN O
data NNS O
for IN O
valdecoxib NN O
, , O
a DT O
new JJ O
COX NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
inhibitor NN O
in IN O
approximately RB O
8000 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
osteoarthritis NN B-Disease
and CC O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
this DT O
agent NN O
in IN O
randomized JJ O
clinical JJ O
trials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
events NNS O
( , O
cardiac JJ O
, , O
cerebrovascular JJ O
and CC O
peripheral JJ O
vascular JJ O
, , O
or CC O
arterial JJ O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
) , O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
analyzing VBG O
pooled VBN O
valdecoxib NN O
( SYM O
10 CD O
- SYM O
80 CD O
mg NN O
daily JJ O
) -RRB- O
, , O
nonselective JJ O
NSAID NNP O
( , O
diclofenac NN O
75 CD O
mg NN O
bid NN O
, , O
ibuprofen NN O
800 CD O
mg NN O
tid NN O
, , O
or CC O
naproxen NN O
500 CD O
mg NN O
bid NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
placebo NN O
data NNS O
from IN O
10 CD O
randomized JJ O
osteoarthritis NN B-Disease
and CC O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
trials NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
6 CD O
- SYM O
52 CD O
weeks NNS O
in IN O
duration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
rates NNS O
of IN O
events NNS O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
7934 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
in IN O
users NNS O
of IN O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
( : O
< : O
or CC O
= SYM O
325 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
) SYM O
aspirin NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
1051 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
nonusers NNS O
of IN O
aspirin NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
6883 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Crude NN O
and CC O
exposure NN O
- HYPH O
adjusted VBN O
incidences NNS O
of IN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
events NNS O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
for IN O
valdecoxib NN O
, , O
NSAIDs NNP O
, , O
and CC O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
serious JJ O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
events NNS O
was VBD O
also RB O
similar JJ O
for IN O
each DT O
valdecoxib NN O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thrombotic JJ B-Disease
risk NN O
was VBD O
consistently RB O
higher JJR O
for IN O
users NNS O
of IN O
aspirin NN O
users NNS O
than IN O
nonusers NNS O
of IN O
aspirin NN O
( , O
placebo NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
vs CC O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
; : O
valdecoxib NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
vs CC O
. . O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
; : O
NSAIDs NNS O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
vs NN O
. . O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rates NNS O
of IN O
events NNS O
in IN O
users NNS O
of IN O
aspirin NN O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
for IN O
all DT O
3 CD O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
and CC O
across IN O
valdecoxib NN O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Short JJ O
- HYPH O
and CC O
intermediate JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
therapeutic JJ O
( , O
10 CD O
or CC O
20 CD O
mg NN O
daily JJ O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
supratherapeutic JJ O
( , O
40 CD O
or CC O
80 CD O
mg NN O
daily JJ O
) -RRB- O
valdecoxib NN O
doses NNS O
was VBD O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
events NNS O
relative JJ O
to IN O
nonselective JJ O
NSAIDs NNS O
or CC O
placebo NN O
in IN O
osteoarthritis NN B-Disease
and CC O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
in IN O
controlled VBN O
clinical JJ O
trials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
myocarditis NN B-Disease
complicating VBG O
hypertrophic JJ B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
heart NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
report NN O
describes VBZ O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
eosinophilic JJ B-Disease
myocarditis NN I-Disease
complicating VBG O
hypertrophic JJ B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
47 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
female JJ O
patient NN O
, , O
known VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
hypertrophic JJ B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
, , O
was VBD O
admitted VBN O
with IN O
biventricular JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
managed VBN O
aggressively RB O
with IN O
dobutamine NN O
infusion NN O
and CC O
other JJ O
drugs NNS O
while IN O
being VBG O
assessed VBN O
for IN O
heart NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
transthoracic JJ O
echocardiogram NN O
, , O
she PRP O
had VBD O
moderate JJ O
left VBN B-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
with IN O
regional JJ O
variability NN O
and CC O
moderate JJ O
mitral JJ B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
recipient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
heart NN O
showed VBD O
the DT O
features NNS O
of IN O
apical JJ O
hypertrophic JJ B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
and CC O
myocarditis NN B-Disease
with IN O
abundant JJ O
eosinophils NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myocarditis NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
rare JJ O
and CC O
eosinophilic JJ B-Disease
myocarditis NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
rarer JJR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
likely JJ O
that IN O
the DT O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
( , O
eosinophilic JJ B-Disease
) , O
myocarditis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
related VBN O
to IN O
dobutamine NN O
infusion NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eosinophilic JJ B-Disease
myocarditis NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
7 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
explanted VBN O
hearts NNS O
and CC O
may MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
multidrug JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Time NN O
trends NNS O
in IN O
warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
annual JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
bleeding NN B-Disease
at IN O
Brigham NNP O
and CC O
Women NNPS O
' POS O
s NNP O
Hospital NNP O
increased VBD O
from IN O
0 CD O
. . O
97 CD O
/ SYM O
1 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
patient JJ O
admissions NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
time NN O
period NN O
( , O
January NNP O
1995 CD O
to IN O
October NNP O
1998 CD O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
1 CD O
. . O
19 CD O
/ SYM O
1 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
patient NN O
admissions NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
time NN O
period NN O
( , O
November NNP O
1998 CD O
to IN O
August NNP O
2002 CD O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
proportion NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
major JJ O
and CC O
intracranial JJ B-Disease
bleeding NN I-Disease
increased VBD O
from IN O
20 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
time NN O
period NN O
, , O
to IN O
33 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
7 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
second NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Yohimbine NNP O
treatment NN O
of IN O
sexual JJ B-Disease
side NN I-Disease
effects NNS I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
blockers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Preclinical JJ O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
yohimbine NN O
facilitates VBZ O
sexual JJ O
behavior NN O
and CC O
may MD O
be VB O
helpful JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
male JJ B-Disease
impotence NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
single JJ O
case NN O
report NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
yohimbine NN O
may MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
to TO O
treat VB O
the DT O
sexual JJ B-Disease
side NN I-Disease
effects NNS I-Disease
of IN O
clomipramine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
evaluated VBD O
yohimbine NN O
as IN O
a DT O
treatment NN O
for IN O
the DT O
sexual JJ B-Disease
side NN I-Disease
effects NNS I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
blockers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
Six CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
either CC O
obsessive JJ B-Disease
compulsive JJ I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
, , O
trichotillomania NN B-Disease
, , O
anxiety NN B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
affective JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
who WP O
suffered VBD O
sexual JJ B-Disease
side NN I-Disease
effects NNS I-Disease
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
blockers NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
yohimbine NN O
on IN O
a DT O
p NN O
. . O
r LS O
. . O
n LS O
. . O
basis NN O
in IN O
an DT O
open JJ O
clinical JJ O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Various JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
yohimbine NN O
were VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
ideal JJ O
dose NN O
for IN O
each DT O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Five CD O
of IN O
the DT O
six CD O
patients NNS O
experienced VBD O
improved VBN O
sexual JJ O
functioning NN O
after IN O
taking VBG O
yohimbine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
who WP O
failed VBD O
to TO O
comply VB O
with IN O
yohimbine NN O
treatment NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
therapeutic JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
yohimbine NN O
included VBD O
excessive JJ O
sweating NN O
, , O
increased VBN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
wound NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
feeling NN O
in IN O
some DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
yohimbine NN O
may MD O
be VB O
an DT O
effective JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
the DT O
sexual JJ B-Disease
side NN I-Disease
effects NNS I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
blockers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Future JJ O
controlled VBN O
studies NNS O
are VBP O
needed VBN O
to TO O
further RB O
investigate VB O
the DT O
effectiveness NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
of IN O
yohimbine NN O
for IN O
this DT O
indication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
complicating VBG O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
potentially RB O
serious JJ O
complication NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
therapy NN O
administered VBN O
before IN O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
standard JJ O
practice NN O
at IN O
our PRP$ O
institution NN O
, , O
patients NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
scheduled VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
a DT O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplant NN O
are VBP O
treated VBN O
prophylactically RB O
with IN O
forced JJ O
hydration NN O
and CC O
bladder NN O
irrigation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
an DT O
attempt NN O
to TO O
obviate VB O
the DT O
inconvenience NN O
of IN O
bladder NN O
irrigation NN O
, , O
we PRP O
conducted VBD O
a DT O
feasibility NN O
trial NN O
of IN O
uroprophylaxis NN O
with IN O
mesna NN O
, , O
which WDT O
neutralizes VBZ O
the DT O
hepatic JJ O
metabolite NN O
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
that WDT O
causes VBZ O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
97 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
standard JJ O
prophylaxis NN O
, , O
4 CD O
had VBD O
symptomatic JJ O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
two CD O
of IN O
four CD O
consecutive JJ O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
mesna NN O
uroprophylaxis NN O
before IN O
allogeneic JJ O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplantation NN O
had VBD O
severe JJ O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
for IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
of IN O
this DT O
suboptimal JJ O
result NN O
, , O
we PRP O
resumed VBD O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
bladder NN O
irrigation NN O
and CC O
forced JJ O
hydration NN O
to TO O
minimize VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Consensus NN O
statement NN O
concerning VBG O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
occurring VBG O
during IN O
haematopoietic JJ O
stem NN O
cell NN O
transplantation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
autoimmune JJ B-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
, , O
with IN O
special JJ O
reference NN O
to IN O
systemic JJ B-Disease
sclerosis NN I-Disease
and CC O
multiple JJ B-Disease
sclerosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Autologous JJ O
haematopoietic JJ O
stem NN O
cell NN O
transplantation NN O
is VBZ O
now RB O
a DT O
feasible JJ O
and CC O
effective JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
selected VBN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
autoimmune JJ B-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Worldwide RB O
, , O
over IN O
650 CD O
patients NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
transplanted VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
context NN O
of IN O
phase NN O
I NN O
and CC O
II NNP O
clinical JJ O
trials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
are VBP O
encouraging JJ O
enough RB O
to TO O
begin VB O
randomised JJ O
phase NN O
III NNP O
trials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
as IN O
predicted VBN O
, , O
significant JJ O
transplant NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
morbidity NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
primarily RB O
due JJ O
to IN O
complications NNS O
related VBN O
to IN O
either CC O
the DT O
stage NN O
of IN O
the DT O
disease NN O
at IN O
transplant NN O
or CC O
due IN O
to IN O
infections NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
number NN O
of IN O
deaths NNS O
related VBN O
to IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
low JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
caution NN O
is VBZ O
required VBN O
when WRB O
cyclophosphamide NN O
or CC O
anthracyclines NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
mitoxantrone NN O
are VBP O
used VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
possible JJ O
underlying VBG O
heart NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
, , O
for IN O
example NN O
, , O
systemic JJ B-Disease
sclerosis NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
November NNP O
2002 CD O
, , O
a DT O
meeting NN O
was VBD O
held VBN O
in IN O
Florence NNP O
, , O
bringing VBG O
together RB O
a DT O
number NN O
of IN O
experts NNS O
in IN O
various JJ O
fields NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
rheumatology NN O
, , O
cardiology NN O
, , O
neurology NN O
, , O
pharmacology NN O
and CC O
transplantation NN O
medicine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
object NN O
of IN O
the DT O
meeting NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
analyse VB O
existing VBG O
data NNS O
, , O
both CC O
published VBN O
or CC O
available JJ O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
European NNP O
Group NNP O
for IN O
Blood NNP O
and CC O
Marrow NNP O
Transplantation NNP O
autoimmune JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
database NN O
, , O
and CC O
to TO O
propose VB O
a DT O
safe JJ O
approach NN O
to IN O
such JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
full JJ O
cardiological JJ O
assessment NN O
before IN O
and CC O
during IN O
the DT O
transplant NN O
emerged VBD O
as IN O
the DT O
major JJ O
recommendation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Does VBZ O
supplemental JJ O
vitamin NN O
C NN O
increase VB O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
risk NN O
in IN O
women NNS O
with IN O
diabetes NNS B-Disease
? . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Vitamin NN O
C NN O
acts VBZ O
as IN O
a DT O
potent JJ O
antioxidant NN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
it PRP O
can MD O
also RB O
be VB O
a DT O
prooxidant JJ O
and CC O
glycate VB O
protein NN O
under IN O
certain JJ O
circumstances NNS O
in IN O
vitro NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
observations NNS O
led VBD O
us PRP O
to TO O
hypothesize VB O
that IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
intake NN O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
C NN O
in IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
persons NNS O
might MD O
promote VB O
atherosclerosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
objective NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
relation NN O
between IN O
vitamin NN O
C NN O
intake NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
from IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
We PRP O
studied VBD O
the DT O
relation NN O
between IN O
vitamin NN O
C NN O
intake NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
from IN O
total JJ O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
281 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
175 CD O
) NN O
, , O
and CC O
stroke NN B-Disease
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
57 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
1923 CD O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
who WP O
reported VBD O
being VBG O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
at IN O
baseline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diet NNP O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
food NN O
- HYPH O
frequency NN O
questionnaire NN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
, , O
and CC O
subjects NNS O
initially RB O
free JJ O
of IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
were VBD O
prospectively RB O
followed VBN O
for IN O
15 CD O
y NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
After IN O
adjustment NN O
for IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
risk NN O
factors NNS O
, , O
type NN O
of IN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
medication NN O
used VBN O
, , O
duration NN O
of IN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
intakes NNS O
of IN O
folate NN O
, , O
vitamin NN O
E NN O
, , O
and CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
carotene NN O
, , O
the DT O
adjusted JJ O
relative JJ O
risks NNS O
of IN O
total JJ O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
mortality NN O
were VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
97 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
11 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
47 CD O
, , O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
84 CD O
( HYPH O
P NN O
for IN O
trend NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
across IN O
quintiles NNS O
of IN O
total JJ O
vitamin NN O
C NN O
intake NN O
from IN O
food NN O
and CC O
supplements NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adjusted JJ O
relative JJ O
risks NNS O
of IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
were VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
81 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
99 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
26 CD O
, , O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
91 CD O
( SYM O
P NN O
for IN O
trend NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
of IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
were VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
52 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
23 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
22 CD O
, , O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
57 CD O
( : O
P NN O
for IN O
trend NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
dietary JJ O
and CC O
supplemental JJ O
vitamin NN O
C NN O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
separately RB O
, , O
only RB O
supplemental JJ O
vitamin NN O
C NNP O
showed VBD O
a DT O
positive JJ O
association NN O
with IN O
mortality NN O
endpoints NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vitamin NN O
C NN O
intake NN O
was VBD O
unrelated JJ O
to IN O
mortality NN O
from IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
nondiabetic JJ O
subjects NNS O
at IN O
baseline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
A DT O
high JJ O
vitamin NN O
C NN O
intake NN O
from IN O
supplements NNS O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
mortality NN O
in IN O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
with IN O
diabetes NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Optical JJ O
coherence NN O
tomography NN O
can MD O
measure VB O
axonal JJ O
loss NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
ethambutol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
To TO O
map VB O
and CC O
identify VB O
the DT O
pattern NN O
, , O
in IN O
vivo NN O
, , O
of IN O
axonal JJ B-Disease
degeneration NN I-Disease
in IN O
ethambutol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
using VBG O
optical JJ O
coherence NN O
tomography NN O
( , O
OCT NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ethambutol NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
antimycobacterial JJ O
agent NN O
often RB O
used VBN O
to TO O
treat VB O
tuberculosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
serious JJ O
complication NN O
of IN O
ethambutol NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
that WDT O
impairs VBZ O
visual JJ O
acuity NN O
, , O
contrast NN O
sensitivity NN O
, , O
and CC O
color NN O
vision NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
early RB O
on RB O
, , O
when WRB O
the DT O
toxic JJ O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
mild JJ O
and CC O
partly RB O
reversible JJ O
, , O
the DT O
funduscopic JJ O
findings NNS O
are VBP O
often RB O
subtle JJ O
and CC O
easy JJ O
to TO O
miss VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Three CD O
subjects NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
ethambutol NN O
( , O
EMB NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
of IN O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
, , O
intermediate JJ O
- HYPH O
, , O
and CC O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
visual JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
administered VBN O
a DT O
full JJ O
neuro JJ O
- HYPH O
ophthalmologic JJ O
examination NN O
including VBG O
visual JJ O
acuity NN O
, , O
color NN O
vision NN O
, , O
contrast NN O
sensitivity NN O
, , O
and CC O
fundus NN O
examination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
OCT NNP O
( , O
OCT NNP O
3000 CD O
, , O
Humphrey NNP O
- HYPH O
Zeiss NNP O
, , O
Dublin NNP O
, , O
CA NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
on IN O
both DT O
eyes NNS O
of IN O
each DT O
subject NN O
using VBG O
the DT O
retinal JJ O
nerve NN O
fiber NN O
layer NN O
( -LRB- O
RNFL NNP O
) -RRB- O
analysis NN O
protocol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OCT NNP O
interpolates VBZ O
data NNS O
from IN O
100 CD O
points NNS O
around IN O
the DT O
optic JJ O
nerve NN O
to TO O
effectively RB O
map VB O
out RP O
the DT O
RNFL NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
results NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
calculated JJ O
average JJ O
RNFL NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
eyes NNS O
accumulated VBN O
from IN O
four CD O
prior JJ O
studies NNS O
using VBG O
OCT NNP O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
661 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
all DT O
subjects NNS O
with IN O
history NN O
of IN O
EMB NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
mean JJ O
loss NN O
of IN O
72 CD O
% NN O
nerve JJ O
fiber NN O
layer NN O
thickness NN O
in IN O
the DT O
temporal JJ O
quadrant NN O
( , O
patient NN O
A NN O
, , O
with IN O
eventual JJ O
recovery NN O
of IN O
visual JJ O
acuity NN O
and CC O
fields NNS O
, , O
58 CD O
% NN O
loss NN O
; , O
patient JJ O
B NN O
, , O
with IN O
intermediate JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
, , O
68 CD O
% NN O
loss NN O
; , O
patient JJ O
C NN O
, , O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
, , O
90 CD O
% NN O
loss NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
an DT O
average JJ O
mean JJ O
optic JJ O
nerve NN O
thickness NN O
of IN O
26 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
16 CD O
microm NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
combined VBN O
mean JJ O
loss NN O
of IN O
46 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
fibers NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
superior JJ O
, , O
inferior JJ O
, , O
and CC O
nasal JJ O
quadrants NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
( , O
six CD O
) , O
eyes NNS O
of IN O
all DT O
three CD O
subjects NNS O
( , O
mean JJ O
average JJ O
thickness NN O
of IN O
55 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
29 CD O
microm NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
both DT O
sets NNS O
( , O
four CD O
) , O
of IN O
eyes NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
subjects NNS O
with IN O
persistent JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
( , O
patients NNS O
B NNP O
and CC O
C NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
an DT O
average JJ O
loss NN O
of IN O
79 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
nerve JJ O
fiber NN O
thickness NN O
in IN O
the DT O
temporal JJ O
quadrant NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
OCT NNP O
results NNS O
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
EMB NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
show VBP O
considerable JJ O
loss NN O
especially RB O
of IN O
the DT O
temporal JJ O
fibers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
prior JJ O
histopathological JJ O
studies NNS O
that WDT O
show VBP O
predominant JJ O
loss NN O
of IN O
parvo JJ O
- HYPH O
cellular JJ O
axons NNS O
( , O
or CC O
small JJ O
- HYPH O
caliber NN O
axons NNS O
) , O
within IN O
the DT O
papillo NN O
- HYPH O
macular JJ O
bundle NN O
in IN O
toxic JJ O
or CC O
hereditary JJ O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathies NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OCT NNP O
can MD O
be VB O
a DT O
valuable JJ O
tool NN O
in IN O
the DT O
quantitative JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathies NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additionally RB O
, , O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
management NN O
of IN O
EMB NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
important JJ O
to TO O
properly RB O
manage VB O
ethambutol NN O
dosing NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
and CC O
to TO O
achieve VB O
proper JJ O
transition NN O
to IN O
a DT O
maintenance NN O
dose NN O
once RB O
an DT O
appropriate JJ O
loading NN O
dose NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reached VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypoxia NN B-Disease
in IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
with IN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
glomerular JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
the DT O
increasing VBG O
need NN O
to TO O
identify VB O
and CC O
quantify VB O
tissue NN O
oxygenation NN O
at IN O
the DT O
cellular JJ O
level NN O
, , O
relatively RB O
few JJ O
methods NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
available JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
developed VBD O
a DT O
new JJ O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
responsive JJ O
reporter NN O
vector NN O
using VBG O
a DT O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
responsive JJ O
element NN O
of IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
' '' O
vascular JJ O
endothelial JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
untranslated JJ O
region NN O
and CC O
generated VBD O
a DT O
novel JJ O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
sensing VBG O
transgenic JJ O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
then RB O
applied VBD O
this DT O
animal NN O
model NN O
to IN O
the DT O
detection NN O
of IN O
tubulointerstitial JJ O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
diseased JJ B-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
this DT O
model NN O
, , O
we PRP O
were VBD O
able JJ O
to TO O
identify VB O
diffuse JJ O
cortical JJ O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
focal JJ O
and CC O
segmental JJ O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
remnant JJ O
kidney NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Expression NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
responsive JJ O
transgene NN O
increased VBD O
throughout IN O
the DT O
observation NN O
period NN O
, , O
reaching VBG O
2 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
at IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
model NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
at IN O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
remnant JJ O
kidney NN O
model NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
that DT O
of IN O
vascular JJ O
endothelial JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
mild JJ O
decrease NN O
, , O
reflecting VBG O
distinct JJ O
behaviors NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
two CD O
genes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
showed VBD O
a DT O
positive JJ O
correlation NN O
with IN O
microscopic JJ O
tubulointerstitial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
we PRP O
identified VBD O
the DT O
localization NN O
of IN O
proliferating VBG O
cell NN O
nuclear JJ O
antigen NN O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
, , O
ED NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
, , O
and CC O
terminal JJ O
dUTP NN O
nick NN O
- HYPH O
end NN O
labeled VBN O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
cells NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
hypoxic JJ B-Disease
cortical JJ O
area NN O
in IN O
the DT O
remnant JJ O
kidney NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
propose VBP O
here RB O
a DT O
possible JJ O
pathological JJ O
tie NN O
between IN O
chronic JJ O
tubulointerstitial JJ O
hypoxia NN B-Disease
and CC O
progressive JJ O
glomerular JJ B-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adequate JJ O
timing NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
during IN O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
of IN O
interferon NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
for IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
C NNP I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
major JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
of IN O
interferon NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
, , O
dose NN O
reduction NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
common JJ O
event NN O
in IN O
this DT O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
clinical JJ O
retrospective JJ O
cohort NN O
study NN O
we PRP O
have VBP O
examined VBN O
the DT O
suitable JJ O
timing NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
reduction NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
during IN O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
seven CD O
of IN O
160 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
HCV NN O
- HYPH O
genotype NN O
1b NN O
, , O
had VBD O
high JJ O
virus NN O
load NN O
, , O
and CC O
received VBD O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
developed VBD O
anemia NN B-Disease
with IN O
hemoglobin NN O
level NN O
< SYM O
10 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl NN O
or CC O
anemia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
related VBN O
signs NNS O
during IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
that DT O
, , O
these DT O
37 CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
reduced VBN O
one CD O
tablet NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
( : O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
) -RRB- O
per IN O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
, , O
27 CD O
of IN O
37 CD O
patients NNS O
could MD O
continue VB O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
24 CD O
weeks NNS O
( , O
group NN O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
10 CD O
of IN O
37 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
could MD O
not RB O
continue VB O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
because IN O
their PRP$ O
< NN O
8 CD O
. SYM O
5 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl JJ O
hemoglobin NN O
values NNS O
decreased VBD O
to IN O
or CC O
anemia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
related VBN O
severe JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
occurred VBD O
( , O
group NN O
B NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
assessed VBD O
the DT O
final JJ O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
after IN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
in IN O
groups NNS O
A NN O
and CC O
B NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
sustained JJ O
virological JJ O
response NN O
( -LRB- O
SVR NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
29 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
( SYM O
8 CD O
/ SYM O
27 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
group NN O
A NN O
and CC O
10 CD O
% NN O
( , O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
group NN O
B NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
34 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
( SYM O
12 CD O
/ SYM O
27 CD O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
SVR NN O
+ CC O
biological JJ O
response NN O
in IN O
group NN O
A NN O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
10 CD O
% NN O
( , O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
group NN O
B NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
051 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
slight JJ O
significance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
hemoglobin NN O
level NN O
at IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
reduction NN O
, , O
a DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
continuation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
10 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl NN O
hemoglobin NN O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
< $ O
10 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl CD O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
036 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Reduction NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
at IN O
hemoglobin NN O
level NN O
> : O
or CC O
= SYM O
10 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
dl NN O
is VBZ O
suitable JJ O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aging VBG O
process NN O
of IN O
epithelial JJ O
cells NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
prostate NN O
lateral JJ O
lobe NN O
in IN O
experimental JJ O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
haloperidol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
, , O
induced VBN O
by IN O
haloperidol NN O
( , O
HAL NNP O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
age NN O
related VBN O
morphology NN O
and CC O
function NN O
changes NNS O
of IN O
epithelial JJ O
cells NNS O
in IN O
rat NN O
prostate NN O
lateral JJ O
lobe NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
on IN O
sexually RB O
mature JJ O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
prolactin NN O
( , O
PRL NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
testosterone NN O
( -LRB- O
T NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tissue NN O
sections NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
with IN O
light NN O
and CC O
electron NN O
microscopy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunohistochemical JJ O
reactions NNS O
for IN O
Anti NNP O
- HYPH O
Proliferating NNP O
Cell NNP O
Nuclear NNP O
Antigen NNP O
( -LRB- O
PCNA NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
rats NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
experimental JJ O
group NN O
, , O
the DT O
mean JJ O
concentration NN O
of IN O
: : O
PRL NNP O
was VBD O
more JJR O
than IN O
twice RB O
higher JJR O
, , O
whereas IN O
T NN O
concentration NN O
was VBD O
almost RB O
twice RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Light JJ O
microscopy NN O
visualized VBD O
the DT O
following VBG O
: : O
hypertrophy NN B-Disease
and CC O
epithelium NN O
hyperplasia NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
glandular JJ O
ducts NNS O
, , O
associated VBN O
with IN O
increased VBN O
PCNA NNP O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electron NN O
microscopy NN O
revealed VBD O
changes NNS O
in IN O
columnar JJ O
epithelial JJ O
cells NNS O
, , O
concerning VBG O
organelles NNS O
, , O
engaged VBN O
in IN O
protein NN O
synthesis NN O
and CC O
secretion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Relation NN O
of IN O
perfusion NN O
defects NNS O
observed VBN O
with IN O
myocardial JJ O
contrast NN O
echocardiography NN O
to IN O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
: : O
correlation NN O
with IN O
thallium NN O
- HYPH O
201 CD O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
photon NN O
emission NN O
tomography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
previously RB O
shown VBN O
that IN O
myocardial JJ O
contrast NN O
echocardiography NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
valuable JJ O
technique NN O
for IN O
delineating VBG O
regions NNS O
of IN O
myocardial JJ O
underperfusion NN O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
and CC O
to IN O
critical JJ O
coronary JJ B-Disease
stenoses NNS I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
hyperemic JJ B-Disease
stimulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
myocardial JJ O
contrast NN O
echocardiography NN O
performed VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
stable JJ O
solution NN O
of IN O
sonicated VBN O
albumin NN O
could MD O
detect VB O
regions NNS O
of IN O
myocardial JJ O
underperfusion NN O
resulting VBG O
from IN O
various JJ O
degrees NNS O
of IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
perfusion NN O
defect NN O
produced VBN O
in IN O
16 CD O
open JJ O
chest NN O
dogs NNS O
was VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
anatomic JJ O
area NN O
at IN O
risk NN O
measured VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
postmortem JJ O
dual JJ O
- HYPH O
perfusion NN O
technique NN O
and CC O
with IN O
thallium NN O
- HYPH O
201 CD O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
photon NN O
emission NN O
tomography NN O
( -LRB- O
SPECT NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
a DT O
transient JJ O
( , O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
s NN O
) SYM O
coronary JJ B-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
, , O
a DT O
perfusion NN O
defect NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
with IN O
contrast NN O
echocardiography NN O
in IN O
14 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
15 CD O
dogs NNS O
in IN O
which WDT O
the DT O
occlusion NN O
was VBD O
produced VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
perfusion NN O
defect NN O
correlated VBD O
significantly RB O
with IN O
the DT O
anatomic JJ O
area NN O
at IN O
risk NN O
( , O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
74 CD O
; : O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
002 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperemia NN B-Disease
, , O
12 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
16 CD O
dogs NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
partial JJ O
coronary JJ B-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
had VBD O
a DT O
visible JJ O
area NN O
of IN O
hypoperfusion NN O
by IN O
contrast NN O
echocardiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
four CD O
dogs NNS O
without IN O
a DT O
perfusion NN O
defect NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
stenosis NN O
that WDT O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
mild JJ O
( , O
0 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
50 CD O
% NN O
) , O
reduction NN O
in IN O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
size NN O
of IN O
the DT O
perfusion NN O
defect NN O
during IN O
stenosis NN O
correlated VBD O
significantly RB O
with IN O
the DT O
anatomic JJ O
area NN O
at IN O
risk NN O
( , O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
61 CD O
; : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thallium NNP O
- HYPH O
201 CD O
SPECT NNP O
demonstrated VBD O
a DT O
perfusion NN O
defect NN O
in IN O
all DT O
14 CD O
dogs NNS O
analyzed VBN O
during IN O
dipyridamole NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperemia NN B-Disease
; , O
the DT O
size NN O
of IN O
the DT O
perfusion NN O
defect NN O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
anatomic JJ O
area NN O
at IN O
risk NN O
( , O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
58 CD O
; : O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
with IN O
the DT O
perfusion NN O
defect NN O
by IN O
contrast NN O
echocardiography NN O
( , O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
58 CD O
; : O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
myocardial JJ O
contrast NN O
echocardiography NN O
can MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
to TO O
visualize VB O
and CC O
quantitate VB O
the DT O
amount NN O
of IN O
jeopardized VBN O
myocardium NN O
during IN O
moderate JJ O
to IN O
severe JJ O
degrees NNS O
of IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
stenosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
obtained VBN O
show VBP O
a DT O
correlation NN O
with IN O
the DT O
anatomic JJ O
area NN O
at IN O
risk NN O
similar JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
obtained VBN O
with IN O
thallium NN O
- HYPH O
201 CD O
SPECT NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
activation NN O
of IN O
spinal JJ O
N NN O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
D NN O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
receptors NNS O
may MD O
contribute VB O
to IN O
degeneration NN O
of IN O
spinal JJ O
motor NN O
neurons NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
neuraxial JJ O
morphine NN O
after IN O
a DT O
noninjurious JJ O
interval NN O
of IN O
spinal JJ B-Disease
cord NN I-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
the DT O
degeneration NN O
of IN O
spinal JJ O
motor NN O
neurons NNS O
and CC O
activation NN O
of IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
d NN O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( -LRB- O
NMDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
receptors NNS O
after IN O
neuraxial JJ O
morphine NN O
following VBG O
a DT O
noninjurious JJ O
interval NN O
of IN O
aortic JJ B-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Spinal JJ B-Disease
cord NN I-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
aortic JJ B-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
for IN O
6 CD O
min NN O
with IN O
a DT O
balloon NN O
catheter NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
microdialysis NN O
study NN O
, , O
10 CD O
muL NN O
of IN O
saline NN O
( HYPH O
group NN O
C NN O
; : O
n CD O
= SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
30 CD O
mug NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
( , O
group NN O
M NN O
; : O
n NN O
= SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
intrathecally RB O
( , O
IT NN O
) SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
reflow NN O
, , O
and CC O
30 CD O
mug NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
( , O
group NN O
SM NN O
; : O
n CD O
= SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
10 CD O
muL NN O
of IN O
saline NN O
( HYPH O
group NN O
SC NN O
; : O
n CD O
= SYM O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
IT NN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
sham NN O
operation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Microdialysis NNP O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
collected VBN O
preischemia NN O
, , O
before IN O
IT NN O
injection NN O
, , O
and CC O
at IN O
2 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
, , O
24 CD O
, , O
and CC O
48 CD O
h NN O
of IN O
reperfusion NN O
( , O
after IN O
IT NN O
injection NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Second RB O
, , O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
IT NNP O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
( HYPH O
30 CD O
mug NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
the DT O
histopathologic JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
spinal JJ O
cord NN O
after IN O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
spastic JJ B-Disease
paraparesis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
IT NN O
morphine NN O
, , O
the DT O
cerebrospinal JJ O
fluid NN O
( -LRB- O
CSF NNP O
) -RRB- O
glutamate NN O
concentration NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
in IN O
group NN O
M NNP O
relative JJ O
to IN O
both CC O
baseline NN O
and CC O
group NN O
C NN O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
increase NN O
persisted VBD O
for IN O
8 CD O
hrs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
IT NN O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
dark RB O
- HYPH O
stained VBN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
motoneurons NNS O
after IN O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
spastic JJ B-Disease
paraparesis NN I-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
saline JJ O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
IT NN O
morphine NN O
induces VBZ O
spastic JJ B-Disease
paraparesis NN I-Disease
with IN O
a DT O
concomitant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
CSF NNP O
glutamate NN O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
involved VBN O
in IN O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
opioids NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
setting NN O
of IN O
spinal JJ B-Disease
cord NN I-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
via IN O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
low JJ B-Disease
back JJ I-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
during IN O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
: : O
a DT O
report NN O
of IN O
two CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amiodarone NN O
represents VBZ O
an DT O
effective JJ O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
drug NN O
for IN O
cardioversion NN O
of IN O
recent JJ O
- HYPH O
onset NN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
( , O
AF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
maintenance NN O
of IN O
sinus JJ O
rhythm NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
briefly RB O
describe VBP O
two CD O
patients NNS O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
recent JJ O
- HYPH O
onset NN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
, , O
who WP O
experienced VBD O
an DT O
acute JJ O
devastating JJ O
low JJ B-Disease
back JJ I-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
a DT O
few JJ O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
amiodarone NN O
loading NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Notably RB O
, , O
this DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
ever RB O
reported VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
medical JJ O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinicians NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
reaction NN O
since IN O
prompt JJ O
termination NN O
of IN O
parenteral JJ O
administration NN O
leads VBZ O
to IN O
complete JJ O
resolution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Quantitative JJ O
drug NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
stimulant JJ O
psychosis NN B-Disease
: : O
relationship NN O
to IN O
symptom NN O
severity NN O
, , O
catecholamines NNS O
and CC O
hyperkinesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
quantitative JJ O
stimulant NN O
drug NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
catecholamines NNS O
, , O
and CC O
psychotic JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
, , O
nineteen CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
emergency NN O
service NN O
with IN O
a DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
or CC O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
were VBD O
interviewed VBN O
, , O
and CC O
plasma NN O
and CC O
urine NN O
were VBD O
collected VBN O
for IN O
quantitative JJ O
assays NNS O
of IN O
stimulant JJ O
drug NN O
and CC O
catecholamine NN O
metabolite NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methamphetamine NN O
or CC O
amphetamine NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
related VBN O
to IN O
several JJ O
psychopathology NN O
scores NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
global JJ O
hyperkinesia NN B-Disease
rating NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
HVA NNP O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
related VBN O
to IN O
global JJ O
hyperkinesia NN B-Disease
but CC O
not RB O
to IN O
psychopathology NN O
ratings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
many JJ O
other JJ O
factors NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
sensitization NN O
may MD O
play VB O
a DT O
role NN O
, , O
intensity NN O
of IN O
stimulant NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychotic JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
and CC O
stereotypies NNS B-Disease
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
at IN O
least JJS O
in IN O
part NN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pheochromocytoma NNP B-Disease
unmasked VBN O
by IN O
amisulpride NN O
and CC O
tiapride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
describe VB O
the DT O
unmasking NN O
of IN O
pheochromocytoma NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
amisulpride NN O
and CC O
tiapride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
SUMMARY NN O
: : O
A DT O
42 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
white JJ O
man NN O
developed VBD O
acute JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
with IN O
severe JJ O
headache NN B-Disease
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
2 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
amisulpride NN O
100 CD O
mg NN O
and CC O
tiapride NN O
100 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
drugs NNS O
were VBD O
immediately RB O
discontinued VBN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
recovered VBD O
after IN O
subsequent JJ O
nicardipine NN O
and CC O
verapamil NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Abdominal JJ O
ultrasound NN O
showed VBD O
an DT O
adrenal JJ O
mass NN O
, , O
and CC O
postoperative JJ O
histologic JJ O
examination NN O
confirmed VBD O
the DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
pheochromocytoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
Drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
pheochromocytoma NN B-Disease
are VBP O
often RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
substituted VBN O
benzamide NN O
drugs NNS O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
underlying VBG O
mechanism NN O
is VBZ O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
our PRP$ O
case NN O
, , O
use NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Naranjo NNP O
probability NN O
scale NN O
indicated VBD O
a DT O
possible JJ O
relationship NN O
between IN O
the DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
crisis NN O
and CC O
amisulpride NN O
and CC O
tiapride NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
As IN O
of IN O
March NNP O
24 CD O
, , O
2005 CD O
, , O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
reported VBN O
case NN O
of IN O
amisulpride NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
tiapride NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
crisis NN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
pheochromocytoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Physicians NNS O
and CC O
other JJ O
healthcare NN O
professionals NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
potential JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
tiapride NN O
and CC O
amisulpride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Minor JJ O
neurological JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
, , O
cognitive JJ O
development NN O
, , O
and CC O
somatic JJ O
development NN O
at IN O
the DT O
age NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
to IN O
7 CD O
years NNS O
after IN O
dexamethasone NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
very RB O
- HYPH O
low JJ O
birth NN O
- HYPH O
weight NN O
infants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
objective NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
assess VB O
minor JJ O
neurological JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
, , O
cognitive JJ O
development NN O
, , O
and CC O
somatic JJ O
development NN O
after IN O
dexamethasone NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
very RB O
- HYPH O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
birthweight NN O
infants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
children NNS O
after IN O
dexamethasone NN O
treatment NN O
were VBD O
matched VBN O
to IN O
33 CD O
children NNS O
without IN O
dexamethasone NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
age NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
- SYM O
7 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexamethasone NNP O
was VBD O
started VBN O
between IN O
the DT O
7th JJ O
and CC O
the DT O
28th JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
life NN O
over IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
total JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
. . O
35 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Exclusion NN O
criteria NNS O
were VBD O
asphyxia NN B-Disease
, , O
malformations NNS B-Disease
, , O
major JJ O
surgical JJ O
interventions NNS O
, , O
small JJ O
for IN O
gestational JJ O
age NN O
, , O
intraventricular JJ O
haemorrhage NN B-Disease
grades NNS O
III NNP O
and CC O
IV NN O
, , O
periventricular JJ B-Disease
leukomalacia NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
severe JJ O
psychomotor NN B-Disease
retardation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Each DT O
child NN O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
neuropediatrician NN O
for IN O
minor JJ O
neurological JJ B-Disease
dysfunctions NNS I-Disease
and CC O
tested VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
psychologist NN O
for IN O
cognitive JJ O
development NN O
with IN O
a DT O
Kaufman NNP O
Assessment NNP O
Battery NNP O
for IN O
Children NNPS O
and CC O
a DT O
Draw NNP O
- HYPH O
a DT O
- HYPH O
Man NNP O
Test NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
differences NNS O
in IN O
demographic JJ O
data NN O
, , O
growth NN O
, , O
and CC O
socio JJ O
- HYPH O
economic JJ O
status NN O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fine JJ O
motor NN O
skills NNS O
and CC O
gross JJ O
motor NN O
function NN O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
better JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
Draw NN O
- HYPH O
a DT O
- HYPH O
Man NNP O
Test NN O
, , O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
showed VBD O
better JJR O
results NNS O
( , O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
differences NNS O
in IN O
development NN O
of IN O
speech NN O
, , O
social JJ O
development NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
Kaufman NNP O
Assessment NNP O
Battery NNP O
for IN O
Children NNPS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
dexamethasone NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
children NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
higher JJR O
rate NN O
of IN O
minor JJ O
neurological JJ B-Disease
dysfunctions NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neurological JJ O
development NN O
was VBD O
affected VBN O
even RB O
without IN O
neurological JJ O
diagnosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
studies NNS O
will MD O
be VB O
necessary JJ O
to TO O
fully RB O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
impact NN O
of IN O
dexamethasone NN O
on IN O
neurological JJ O
and CC O
cognitive JJ O
development NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Valproic NN O
acid NN O
I NN O
: : O
time NN O
course NN O
of IN O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
biomarkers NNS O
, , O
liver NN B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
valproic JJ O
acid NN O
metabolite NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
valproic JJ O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
VPA NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
a DT O
widely RB O
used VBN O
antiepileptic JJ O
drug NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
as IN O
recently RB O
demonstrated VBN O
by IN O
elevated VBN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
F NNP O
( HYPH O
2t CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
isoprostane NN O
( HYPH O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
F NN O
( HYPH O
2t CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
IsoP NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
temporal JJ O
relationship NN O
between IN O
VPA NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
and CC O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
adult NN O
male JJ O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
ip IN O
with IN O
VPA NNP O
( : O
500 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
saline NN O
( HYPH O
vehicle NN O
) -RRB- O
once RB O
daily RB O
for IN O
2 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
, , O
10 CD O
, , O
or CC O
14 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
determining VBG O
plasma NN O
and CC O
liver NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
F NNP O
( HYPH O
2t CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
IsoP NNP O
, , O
lipid JJ O
hydroperoxides NNS O
( , O
LPO NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
thiobarbituric JJ O
acid NN O
reactive JJ O
substances NNS O
( , O
TBARs NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
and CC O
liver NN O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
F NNP O
( , O
2t CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
IsoP NNP O
were VBD O
elevated VBN O
and CC O
reached VBD O
a DT O
plateau NN O
after IN O
day NN O
2 CD O
of IN O
VPA NNP O
treatment NN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NNP O
LPO NNP O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
elevated VBN O
until IN O
day NN O
7 CD O
of IN O
treatment NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
versus IN O
control NN O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN O
and CC O
plasma NN O
TBARs NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
increased VBN O
until IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
( : O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
vs IN O
. . O
control NN O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
based VBN O
on IN O
serum JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
glutathione NN O
S NN O
- HYPH O
transferase NN O
( , O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
GST NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
by IN O
histology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum JJ O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
GST NNP O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
elevated VBN O
by IN O
day NN O
4 CD O
, , O
which WDT O
corresponded VBD O
to IN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
as IN O
shown VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
increasing VBG O
incidence NN O
of IN O
inflammation NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
capsule NN O
, , O
necrosis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
steatosis NN B-Disease
throughout IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
liver NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
oxidation NN O
metabolites NNS O
of IN O
VPA NNP O
were VBD O
decreased VBN O
by IN O
day NN O
14 CD O
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
levels NNS O
of IN O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
ene NN O
- HYPH O
VPA NN O
and CC O
( -LRB- O
E NNP O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
diene NN O
- HYPH O
VPA NNP O
were VBD O
not RB O
elevated VBN O
throughout IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Overall RB O
, , O
these DT O
findings NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
VPA NNP O
treatment NN O
results VBZ O
in IN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
, , O
as IN O
measured VBN O
by IN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
F NN O
( HYPH O
2t CD O
) NN O
- HYPH O
IsoP NN O
, , O
which WDT O
precedes VBZ O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
necrosis NN B-Disease
, , O
steatosis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
elevated VBN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
serum JJ O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
GST NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Assessment NN O
of IN O
perinatal JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
and CC O
rubella NN B-Disease
prevention NN O
in IN O
New NNP O
Hampshire NNP O
delivery NN O
hospitals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
current JJ O
performance NN O
on IN O
recommended VBN O
perinatal JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
and CC O
rubella NN B-Disease
prevention NN O
practices NNS O
in IN O
New NNP O
Hampshire NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Data NNS O
were VBD O
extracted VBN O
from IN O
2021 CD O
paired VBN O
mother NN O
- HYPH O
infant NN O
records NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
year NN O
2000 CD O
birth NN O
cohort NN O
in IN O
New NNP O
Hampshire NNP O
' POS O
s POS O
25 CD O
delivery NN O
hospitals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Assessment NN O
was VBD O
done VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
: : O
prenatal JJ O
screening NN O
for IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NN I-Disease
and CC O
rubella NN B-Disease
, , O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
vaccine NN O
birth NN O
dose NN O
to IN O
all DT O
infants NNS O
, , O
administration NN O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NN I-Disease
immune JJ O
globulin NN O
to IN O
infants NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
born VBN O
to IN O
hepatitis NN O
B NNP O
surface NN O
antigen NN O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
mothers NNS O
, , O
rubella NN B-Disease
immunity NN O
, , O
and CC O
administration NN O
of IN O
in IN O
- HYPH O
hospital NN O
postpartum NN O
rubella NN B-Disease
vaccine NN O
to IN O
rubella NN B-Disease
nonimmune JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Prenatal JJ O
screening NN O
rates NNS O
for IN O
hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
( : O
98 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
) , O
and CC O
rubella NN B-Disease
( : O
99 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
high JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
vaccine NN O
birth NN O
dose NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
to IN O
76 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
all DT O
infants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
infants NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
born VBN O
to IN O
hepatitis NNP O
B NNP O
surface NN O
antigen NN O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
mothers NNS O
also RB O
received VBD O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NN I-Disease
immune JJ O
globulin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Multivariate JJ O
logistic JJ O
regression NN O
showed VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
month NN O
of IN O
delivery NN O
and CC O
infant NN O
birth NN O
weight NN O
were VBD O
independent JJ O
predictors NNS O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NN I-Disease
vaccination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
proportion NN O
of IN O
infants NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
vaccinated VBN O
in IN O
January NNP O
and CC O
February NNP O
2000 CD O
( SYM O
48 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
67 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
less JJR O
than IN O
any DT O
other JJ O
months NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
the DT O
proportion NN O
who WP O
were VBD O
vaccinated VBN O
in IN O
December NNP O
2000 CD O
( SYM O
88 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
the DT O
highest JJS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Women NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
born VBN O
between IN O
1971 CD O
and CC O
1975 CD O
had VBD O
the DT O
highest JJS O
rate NN O
of IN O
rubella NN B-Disease
nonimmunity NN O
( : O
9 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
- HYPH O
hospital NN O
postpartum NN O
rubella NN B-Disease
vaccine NN O
administration NN O
was VBD O
documented VBN O
for IN O
75 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
nonimmune JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
documents VBZ O
good JJ O
compliance NN O
in IN O
New NNP O
Hampshire NNP O
' POS O
s POS O
birthing NN O
hospitals NNS O
with IN O
national JJ O
guidelines NNS O
for IN O
perinatal JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NN I-Disease
and CC O
rubella NN B-Disease
prevention NN O
and CC O
highlights VBZ O
potential JJ O
areas NNS O
for IN O
improvement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Succinylcholine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
masseter NN B-Disease
muscle NN I-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
during IN O
bronchoscopic JJ O
removal NN O
of IN O
a DT O
tracheal JJ O
foreign JJ O
body NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Masseter NN B-Disease
muscle NN I-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
during IN O
general JJ O
anesthesia NN O
is VBZ O
considered VBN O
an DT O
early JJ O
warning NN O
sign NN O
of IN O
a DT O
possible JJ O
episode NN O
of IN O
malignant JJ B-Disease
hyperthermia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
decision NN O
whether IN O
to TO O
continue VB O
or CC O
discontinue VB O
the DT O
procedure NN O
depends VBZ O
on IN O
the DT O
urgency NN O
of IN O
the DT O
surgery NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
masseter NN B-Disease
muscle NN I-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
, , O
we PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
masseter NN B-Disease
muscle NN I-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
( , O
jaw NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
steel NN I-Disease
) , O
after IN O
succinylcholine NN O
( , O
Sch NNP O
) -RRB- O
administration NN O
during IN O
general JJ O
anesthetic JJ O
management NN O
for IN O
rigid JJ O
bronchoscopic JJ O
removal NN O
of IN O
a DT O
tracheal JJ O
foreign JJ O
body NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anesthesia NN O
was VBD O
continued VBN O
uneventfully RB O
with IN O
propofol NN O
infusion NN O
while IN O
all DT O
facilities NNS O
were VBD O
available JJ O
to TO O
detect VB O
and CC O
treat VB O
malignant JJ B-Disease
hyperthermia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexrazoxane NNP O
protects VBZ O
against IN O
myelosuppression NN B-Disease
from IN O
the DT O
DNA NN O
cleavage NN O
- HYPH O
enhancing VBG O
drugs NNS O
etoposide NN O
and CC O
daunorubicin NN O
but CC O
not RB O
doxorubicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
The DT O
anthracyclines NNS O
daunorubicin NN O
and CC O
doxorubicin NN O
and CC O
the DT O
epipodophyllotoxin NN O
etoposide NN O
are VBP O
potent JJ O
DNA NN O
cleavage NN O
- HYPH O
enhancing VBG O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
are VBP O
widely RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
oncology NN O
; , O
however RB O
, , O
myelosuppression NN B-Disease
and CC O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
limit VBP O
their PRP$ O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexrazoxane NNP O
( : O
ICRF NNP O
- HYPH O
187 CD O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
recommended VBN O
for IN O
protection NN O
against IN O
anthracycline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
EXPERIMENTAL JJ O
DESIGN NN O
: : O
Because IN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
widespread JJ O
use NN O
, , O
the DT O
hematologic JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
following VBG O
coadministration NN O
of IN O
dexrazoxane NN O
and CC O
these DT O
three CD O
structurally RB O
different JJ O
DNA NNP O
cleavage NN O
enhancers NNS O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
: : O
Sensitivity NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
and CC O
murine JJ O
blood NN O
progenitor NN O
cells NNS O
to IN O
etoposide NN O
, , O
daunorubicin NN O
, , O
and CC O
doxorubicin NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
dexrazoxane NN O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
in IN O
granulocyte NN O
- HYPH O
macrophage NN O
colony NN O
forming VBG O
assays NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Likewise RB O
, , O
in IN O
vivo NN O
, , O
B6D2F1 NNP O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
etoposide NN O
, , O
daunorubicin NN O
, , O
and CC O
doxorubicin NN O
, , O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
dexrazoxane NN O
over IN O
a DT O
wide JJ O
range NN O
of IN O
doses NNS O
: : O
posttreatment NN O
, , O
a DT O
full JJ O
hematologic JJ O
evaluation NN O
was VBD O
done VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Nontoxic JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
dexrazoxane NN O
reduced VBD O
myelosuppression NN B-Disease
and CC O
weight NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
from IN O
daunorubicin NN O
and CC O
etoposide NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
and CC O
antagonized VBD O
their PRP$ O
antiproliferative JJ O
effects NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
colony NN O
assay NN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
dexrazoxane NN O
neither CC O
reduced VBD O
myelosuppression NN B-Disease
, , O
weight NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
, , O
nor CC O
the DT O
in FW O
vitro FW O
cytotoxicity NN B-Disease
from IN O
doxorubicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Although IN O
our PRP$ O
findings NNS O
support VBP O
the DT O
observation NN O
that IN O
dexrazoxane NN O
reduces VBZ O
neither CC O
hematologic JJ O
activity NN O
nor CC O
antitumor NN O
activity NN O
from IN O
doxorubicin NN O
clinically RB O
, , O
the DT O
potent JJ O
antagonism NN O
of IN O
daunorubicin NN O
activity NN O
raises VBZ O
concern NN O
; : O
a DT O
possible JJ O
interference NN O
with IN O
anticancer JJ O
efficacy NN O
certainly RB O
would MD O
call VB O
for IN O
renewed VBN O
attention NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
data NNS O
also RB O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
significant JJ O
etoposide NN O
dose NN O
escalation NN O
is VBZ O
perhaps RB O
possible JJ O
by IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
dexrazoxane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
trials NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
brain NN O
metastases NNS B-Disease
combining VBG O
dexrazoxane NN O
and CC O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
etoposide NN O
is VBZ O
ongoing VBG O
with IN O
the DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
improving VBG O
efficacy NN O
without IN O
aggravating VBG O
hematologic JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
If IN O
successful JJ O
, , O
this DT O
represents VBZ O
an DT O
exciting JJ O
mechanism NN O
for IN O
pharmacologic JJ O
regulation NN O
of IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
from IN O
cytotoxic JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Assessment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
and CC O
persistence NN O
of IN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
during IN O
procedural JJ O
sedation NN O
with IN O
propofol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
assess VB O
patients NNS O
' POS O
ability NN O
to TO O
repeat VB O
and CC O
recall VB O
words NNS O
presented VBN O
to IN O
them PRP O
while IN O
undergoing VBG O
procedural JJ O
sedation NN O
with IN O
propofol NN O
, , O
and CC O
correlate VB O
their PRP$ O
recall NN O
with IN O
their PRP$ O
level NN O
of IN O
awareness NN O
as IN O
measured VBN O
by IN O
bispectral JJ O
index NN O
( : O
BIS NNP O
) -RRB- O
monitoring NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
was VBD O
a DT O
prospective JJ O
, , O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
intervention NN O
study NN O
of IN O
consenting VBG O
adult NN O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
procedural JJ O
sedation NN O
with IN O
propofol NN O
between IN O
December NNP O
28 CD O
, , O
2002 CD O
, , O
and CC O
October NNP O
31 CD O
, , O
2003 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BIS NNP O
monitoring NN O
was VBD O
initiated VBN O
starting VBG O
3 CD O
minutes NNS O
before IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
and CC O
continuing VBG O
until IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
regained VBN O
baseline NN O
mental JJ O
status NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
minute NN O
intervals NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
procedural JJ O
sedation NN O
, , O
until IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
regained VBD O
baseline NN O
mental JJ O
status NN O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
, , O
a DT O
word NN O
from IN O
a DT O
standardized JJ O
list NN O
was VBD O
read VBN O
aloud RB O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
asked VBN O
to TO O
immediately RB O
repeat VB O
the DT O
word NN O
to IN O
the DT O
investigator NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
BIS NNP O
score NN O
at IN O
the DT O
time NN O
the DT O
word NN O
was VBD O
read VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
ability NN O
to TO O
repeat VB O
the DT O
word NN O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
asked VBN O
to TO O
state VB O
all DT O
of IN O
the DT O
words NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
list NN O
that WDT O
he PRP O
or CC O
she PRP O
could MD O
recall VB O
, , O
and CC O
to TO O
identify VB O
the DT O
last JJ O
word NN O
recalled VBN O
from IN O
prior RB O
to IN O
the DT O
start NN O
of IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
and CC O
the DT O
first JJ O
word NN O
recalled VBN O
from IN O
after IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
was VBD O
completed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Seventy CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
consenting VBG O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
enrolled VBN O
; : O
one CD O
patient NN O
was VBD O
excluded VBN O
from IN O
data NNS O
analysis NN O
for IN O
a DT O
protocol NN O
violation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
serious JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
procedural JJ O
sedations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
standard JJ O
deviation NN O
) -RRB- O
time NN O
of IN O
data NN O
collection NN O
was VBD O
16 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
minutes NNS O
( : O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
; : O
range NN O
5 CD O
to IN O
34 CD O
minutes NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
initial JJ O
( , O
preprocedure NN O
) , O
BIS NNP O
score NN O
was VBD O
97 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
( SYM O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
; : O
range NN O
92 CD O
to IN O
99 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
lowest JJS O
BIS NNP O
score NN O
occurring VBG O
during IN O
these DT O
procedural JJ O
sedations NNS O
was VBD O
66 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
( SYM O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
14 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
; : O
range NN O
33 CD O
to IN O
91 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
lowest JJS O
BIS NNP O
score NN O
corresponding VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
ability NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
to TO O
immediately RB O
repeat VB O
words NNS O
read VB O
from IN O
the DT O
list NN O
was VBD O
77 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
= SYM O
74 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
to TO O
80 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
highest JJS O
BIS NNP O
score NN O
corresponding VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
inability NN B-Disease
to TO I-Disease
repeat VB I-Disease
words NNS I-Disease
was VBD O
81 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
= SYM O
78 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
to TO O
84 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
BIS NNP O
score NN O
corresponding VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
word NN O
recalled VBN O
from IN O
prior RB O
to IN O
the DT O
initiation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sedation NN O
was VBD O
96 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
( SYM O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
; : O
range NN O
84 CD O
to IN O
98 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
BIS NNP O
score NN O
corresponding VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
word NN O
recalled VBN O
after IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
was VBD O
completed VBN O
was VBD O
91 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
= SYM O
88 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
to TO O
94 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
recalled VBD O
at IN O
least JJS O
one CD O
word NN O
that WDT O
had VBD O
been VBN O
read VBN O
to IN O
them PRP O
during IN O
the DT O
protocol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
lowest JJS O
BIS NNP O
score NN O
for IN O
any DT O
recalled VBN O
word NN O
was VBD O
91 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
( SYM O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
11 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
; : O
range NN O
79 CD O
to IN O
98 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
no DT O
words NNS O
were VBD O
recalled VBN O
when WRB O
the DT O
corresponding VBG O
BIS NNP O
score NN O
was VBD O
less JJR O
than IN O
90 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
There EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
range NN O
of IN O
BIS NNP O
scores NNS O
during IN O
which WDT O
sedated JJ O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
able JJ O
to TO O
repeat VB O
words NNS O
read VBN O
to IN O
them PRP O
but CC O
are VBP O
not RB O
able JJ O
to TO O
subsequently RB O
recall VB O
these DT O
words NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
no DT O
recall NN O
of IN O
words NNS O
repeated VBN O
prior RB O
to IN O
procedural JJ O
sedation NN O
in IN O
BIS NNP O
ranges NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
recall NN O
after IN O
procedural JJ O
sedation NN O
, , O
suggestive JJ O
of IN O
retrograde JJ B-Disease
amnesia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amiodarone JJ O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amiodarone NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
effective JJ O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
agent NN O
whose WP$ O
utility NN O
is VBZ O
limited VBN O
by IN O
many JJ O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effects NNS O
, , O
the DT O
most RBS O
problematic JJ O
being VBG O
pneumonitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
is VBZ O
thought VBN O
to TO O
result VB O
from IN O
direct JJ O
injury NN O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
intracellular JJ O
accumulation NN O
of IN O
phospholipid NN O
and CC O
T NN O
cell NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
pneumonitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
radiographic JJ O
features NNS O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
are VBP O
characteristic JJ O
but CC O
nonspecific JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
diagnosis NN O
depends VBZ O
on IN O
exclusion NN O
of IN O
other JJ O
entities NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
infection NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
malignancy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
leads VBZ O
to IN O
clinical JJ O
improvement NN O
in IN O
majority NN O
of IN O
cases NNS O
, , O
this DT O
is VBZ O
not RB O
always RB O
possible JJ O
or CC O
advisable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dose NN O
reduction NN O
or CC O
concomitant JJ O
steroid NN O
therapy NN O
may MD O
have VB O
a DT O
role NN O
in IN O
selected VBN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
prodrugs NNS O
of IN O
potent JJ O
and CC O
selective JJ O
GluR5 NNP O
kainate NN O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
actives VBZ O
in IN O
three CD O
animal NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amino JJ O
acids NNS O
5 CD O
and CC O
7 CD O
, , O
two CD O
potent JJ O
and CC O
selective JJ O
competitive JJ O
GluR5 NNP O
KA NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
, , O
exhibited VBD O
high JJ O
GluR5 NN O
receptor NN O
affinity NN O
over IN O
other JJ O
glutamate NN O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Their PRP$ O
ester NN O
prodrugs NNS O
6 CD O
and CC O
8 CD O
were VBD O
orally RB O
active JJ O
in IN O
three CD O
models NNS O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
: : O
reversal NN O
of IN O
formalin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
paw NN O
licking NN O
, , O
carrageenan NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thermal JJ B-Disease
hyperalgesia NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
capsaicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
mechanical JJ B-Disease
hyperalgesia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
azithromycin NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
persistent JJ O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
associated VBN O
by IN O
azithromycin NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
SUMMARY NN O
: : O
A DT O
76 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
presented VBN O
with IN O
persistent JJ O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
after IN O
beginning VBG O
azithromycin NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
pharyngitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hiccups NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
persistent JJ O
and CC O
exhausting JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Discontinuation NN O
of IN O
azithromycin NN O
and CC O
therapy NN O
with IN O
baclofen NN O
finally RB O
resolved VBD O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
organic JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
was VBD O
identified VBN O
despite IN O
extensive JJ O
investigation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
Pharmacotherapeutic JJ O
agents NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
uncommonly RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Corticosteroids NNS O
( , O
dexamethasone NN O
and CC O
methylprednisolone NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
benzodiazepines NNS O
( , O
midazolam NN O
) , O
and CC O
general JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
the DT O
specific JJ O
agents NNS O
mentioned VBN O
most RBS O
frequently RB O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
as IN O
being VBG O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Few JJ O
cases NNS O
of IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
related VBN O
to IN O
macrolide JJ O
antimicrobials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
the DT O
Naranjo NNP O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
reaction NN O
probability NN O
scale NN O
this DT O
event NN O
could MD O
be VB O
classified VBN O
as IN O
possible JJ O
( , O
score VB O
5 CD O
points NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
mostly RB O
because IN O
of IN O
the DT O
close JJ O
temporal JJ O
sequence NN O
, , O
previous JJ O
reports NNS O
on IN O
this DT O
reaction NN O
with IN O
other JJ O
macrolides NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
any DT O
alternative JJ O
explanation NN O
for IN O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
hypothesis NN O
is VBZ O
that IN O
a DT O
vagal JJ O
mechanism NN O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
azithromycin NN O
could MD O
be VB O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
in IN O
our PRP$ O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Diagnosis NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
is VBZ O
difficult JJ O
and CC O
often RB O
achieved VBN O
only RB O
by IN O
a DT O
process NN O
of IN O
elimination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
macrolide NN O
antimicrobials NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
hiccups NNS B-Disease
and CC O
vagal JJ O
mechanism NN O
could MD O
explain VB O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
this DT O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Calcium NN O
carbonate NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
: : O
the DT O
updated JJ O
milk NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
alkali NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
; : O
report NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
cases NNS O
and CC O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
describe VB O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
calcium NN O
carbonate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
gain VB O
insights NNS O
into IN O
the DT O
cause NN O
and CC O
management NN O
of IN O
the DT O
milk NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
alkali NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
laboratory NN O
data NNS O
in IN O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
presented VBD O
with IN O
severe JJ O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
( , O
corrected VBN O
serum JJ O
calcium NN O
> , O
or CC O
= SYM O
14 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
review VBP O
the DT O
pertinent JJ O
literature NN O
on IN O
milk NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
alkali NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
, , O
relative JJ O
metabolic JJ B-Disease
alkalosis NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
low JJ O
parathyroid NN O
hormone NN O
( , O
PTH NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
PTH NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
peptide NN O
, , O
and CC O
1 CD O
, , O
25 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydroxyvitamin NN O
D NN O
concentrations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
malignant JJ O
lesion NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
included VBD O
aggressive JJ O
hydration NN O
and CC O
varied JJ O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
furosemide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
higher JJR O
serum JJ O
calcium NN O
concentrations NNS O
received VBD O
pamidronate NN O
intravenously RB O
( : O
60 CD O
and CC O
30 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
, , O
which WDT O
caused VBD O
severe JJ O
hypocalcemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
2 CD O
were VBD O
ingesting VBG O
acceptable JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
elemental JJ O
calcium NN O
( , O
1 CD O
g NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
g NN O
daily RB O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
form NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
carbonate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
our PRP$ O
highlighted VBN O
cases NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
review VBP O
the DT O
history NN O
, , O
classification NN O
, , O
pathophysiologic JJ O
features NNS O
, , O
and CC O
treatment NN O
of IN O
milk NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
alkali NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
summarize VBP O
the DT O
cases NNS O
reported VBN O
from IN O
early JJ O
1995 CD O
to IN O
November NNP O
2003 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Milk NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
alkali NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
common JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
unexplained JJ O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
can MD O
be VB O
precipitated VBN O
by IN O
small JJ O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
orally RB O
ingested VBN O
calcium NN O
carbonate NN O
in IN O
susceptible JJ O
persons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
with IN O
hydration NN O
, , O
furosemide NN O
, , O
and CC O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
calcium NN O
and CC O
vitamin NN O
D NN O
source NN O
is VBZ O
adequate JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pamidronate NNP O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
considerable JJ O
risk NN O
for IN O
hypocalcemia NN B-Disease
, , O
even RB O
in IN O
cases NNS O
of IN O
initially RB O
severe JJ O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
leukocytoclastic JJ B-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Skin NN O
reactions NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
oral JJ O
coumarin NN O
- HYPH O
derived VBN O
anticoagulants NNS O
are VBP O
an DT O
uncommon JJ O
occurrence NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Leukocytoclastic JJ B-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
LV NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
primarily RB O
a DT O
cutaneous JJ B-Disease
small JJ I-Disease
vessel NN I-Disease
vasculitis NN I-Disease
, , O
though IN O
systemic JJ O
involvement NN O
may MD O
be VB O
encountered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
4 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
late JJ O
- HYPH O
onset NN O
LV NN B-Disease
probably RB O
due JJ O
to IN O
warfarin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
4 CD O
patients NNS O
presented VBN O
with IN O
skin NN B-Disease
eruptions NNS I-Disease
that WDT O
developed VBD O
after IN O
receiving VBG O
warfarin NN O
for IN O
several JJ O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
skin NN B-Disease
lesion NN I-Disease
biopsies NNS O
were VBD O
available JJ O
in IN O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
confirming VBG O
LV NNP B-Disease
Cutaneous NNP I-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
resolved VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
after IN O
warfarin NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
2 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
4 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
rechallenge NN O
with IN O
warfarin NN O
led VBD O
to IN O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
lesions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
LV NNP B-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
late JJ O
- HYPH O
onset NN O
adverse JJ O
reaction NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
warfarin NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
brainstem NN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
behavior NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
variety NN O
of IN O
abnormal JJ O
sensory NN O
/ SYM O
motor NN O
behaviors NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
electrical JJ O
discharges NNS O
recorded VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
bilateral JJ O
brainstem NN O
were VBD O
induced VBN O
in IN O
adult NN O
WKY NNP O
rats NNS O
by IN O
mechanical JJ O
( , O
electrode NN O
implants NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
DC NNP O
electrical JJ O
current JJ O
stimulations NNS O
and CC O
by IN O
acute JJ O
and CC O
chronic JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
electrode NN O
implant NN O
implicated VBD O
one CD O
side NN O
or CC O
the DT O
other JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
reticular JJ O
system NN O
of IN O
the DT O
brainstem NN O
but CC O
subjects NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
incapacitated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
stimulations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
( : O
40 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
subcutaneously RB O
for IN O
an DT O
acute JJ O
experiment NN O
and CC O
subsequent JJ O
20 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
doses NNS O
twice RB O
daily RB O
for IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
chronic JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
generated VBD O
more JJR O
abnormal JJ O
behaviors NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
brainstem NN O
perturbation NN O
group NN O
, , O
especially RB O
the DT O
electrically RB O
perturbated VBN O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
abnormal JJ O
behaviors NNS O
were VBD O
yawning VBG O
, , O
retrocollis NN O
, , O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
, , O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
, , O
"""" `` O
beating VBG O
drum NN O
"""" '' O
behavior NN O
, , O
squealing NN O
, , O
head NN O
bobbing NN O
, , O
circling NN O
, , O
sniffing NN O
, , O
abnormal JJ O
posturing NN O
, , O
and CC O
facial JJ O
twitching NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Shifts NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
power NN O
frequency NN O
spectra NN O
of IN O
the DT O
discharge NN O
patterns NNS O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
between IN O
quiet JJ O
and CC O
pacing VBG O
behavioral JJ O
states NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
to IN O
various JJ O
auditory JJ O
, , O
tactile JJ O
, , O
and CC O
visual JJ O
stimulation NN O
was VBD O
present JJ O
and CC O
shifts NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
brainstem NN O
ambient JJ O
power NN O
spectral JJ O
frequency NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
tactile JJ O
stimulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
brainstem NN O
generates VBZ O
and CC O
propagates VBZ O
pathological JJ O
discharges NNS O
that WDT O
can MD O
be VB O
elicited VBN O
by IN O
mechanical JJ O
and CC O
DC NNP O
electrical JJ O
perturbation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
activate VB O
the DT O
discharge NN O
system NN O
and CC O
thus RB O
induce VB O
abnormal JJ O
behaviors NNS O
that WDT O
are VBP O
generated VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
discharge NN O
site NN O
and CC O
at IN O
distant JJ O
sites NNS O
to TO O
which WDT O
the DT O
discharge NN O
propagates VBZ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cognitive JJ O
functions NNS O
may MD O
also RB O
be VB O
involved VBN O
since IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
and CC O
serotonergic JJ O
cellular JJ O
elements NNS O
at IN O
the DT O
brainstem NN O
level NN O
are VBP O
also RB O
implicated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
rTMS NNP O
of IN O
supplementary JJ O
motor NN O
area NN O
modulates VBZ O
therapy NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
neural JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
and CC O
circuitry NN O
involved VBN O
in IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
are VBP O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
repetitive JJ O
transcranial JJ O
magnetic JJ O
stimulation NN O
( , O
rTMS NNP O
) -RRB- O
over IN O
the DT O
supplementary JJ O
motor NN O
area NN O
( , O
SMA NNP O
) , O
in IN O
a DT O
group NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
the DT O
authors NNS O
investigated VBD O
whether IN O
modulation NN O
of IN O
SMA NNP O
excitability NN O
may MD O
result VB O
in IN O
a DT O
modification NN O
of IN O
a DT O
dyskinetic JJ B-Disease
state NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
continuous JJ O
apomorphine NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
rTMS NNP O
at IN O
1 CD O
Hz NNP O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
to TO O
markedly RB O
reduce VB O
drug NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
induced VBN I-Disease
dyskinesias NNS I-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
Hz NNP O
rTMS NNP O
induced VBD O
a DT O
slight JJ O
but CC O
not RB O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracavitary JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
( , O
paclitaxel NN O
/ SYM O
carboplatin NN O
liquid NN O
crystalline NN O
cubic JJ O
phases NNS O
) , O
for IN O
recurrent JJ O
glioblastoma NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
clinical JJ O
observations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Human JJ O
malignant JJ O
brain NN B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
have VBP O
a DT O
poor JJ O
prognosis NN O
in IN O
spite NN O
of IN O
surgery NN O
and CC O
radiation NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cubic JJ O
phases NNS O
consist VBP O
of IN O
curved JJ O
biocontinuous JJ O
lipid NN O
bilayers NNS O
, , O
separating VBG O
two CD O
congruent JJ O
networks NNS O
of IN O
water NN O
channels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Used VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
host NN O
for IN O
cytotoxic JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
the DT O
gel NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
matrix NN O
can MD O
easily RB O
be VB O
applied VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
walls NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
surgical JJ O
resection NN O
cavity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
human JJ O
glioblastoma NN B-Disease
recurrences NNS O
, , O
the DT O
feasibility NN O
, , O
safety NN O
, , O
and CC O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
surgical JJ O
intracavitary JJ O
application NN O
of IN O
paclitaxel NN O
and CC O
carboplatin NN O
encapsulated VBN O
by IN O
liquid JJ O
crystalline NN O
cubic JJ O
phases NNS O
are VBP O
examined VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
pilot NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
12 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
glioblastoma NN B-Disease
multiforme NN O
underwent VBD O
re IN O
- HYPH O
resection NN O
and CC O
received VBD O
an DT O
intracavitary JJ O
application NN O
of IN O
paclitaxel NN O
and CC O
carboplatin NN O
cubic JJ O
phases NNS O
in IN O
different JJ O
dosages NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
more JJR O
than IN O
15 CD O
mg NN O
paclitaxel NN O
and CC O
suffered VBD O
from IN O
moderate JJ O
to IN O
severe JJ O
brain NN B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
only RB O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
15 CD O
mg NN O
paclitaxel NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
latter JJ O
group NN O
, , O
brain NN B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
was VBD O
markedly RB O
reduced VBN O
and CC O
dealt VBN O
medically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intracavitary JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
in IN O
recurrent JJ O
glioblastoma NN B-Disease
using VBG O
cubic JJ O
phases NNS O
is VBZ O
feasible JJ O
and CC O
safe JJ O
, , O
yet CC O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
benefit NN O
remains VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
examined VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
phase NN O
II NNP O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lamotrigine NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
exacerbation NN O
or CC O
de FW O
novo FW O
myoclonus FW B-Disease
in IN O
idiopathic JJ B-Disease
generalized VBN I-Disease
epilepsies NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
idiopathic JJ B-Disease
generalized VBN I-Disease
epilepsies NNS I-Disease
( -LRB- O
IGE NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
treated VBN O
with IN O
lamotrigine NN O
( -LRB- O
LTG NNP O
) -RRB- O
experienced VBD O
exacerbation NN O
or CC O
de FW O
novo FW O
appearance NN O
of IN O
myoclonic JJ B-Disease
jerks NNS I-Disease
( -LRB- O
MJ NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
three CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
LTG NNP O
exacerbated VBD O
MJ NNP B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
with IN O
early JJ O
aggravation NN O
during IN O
titration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MJ NNP B-Disease
disappeared VBD O
when WRB O
LTG NNP O
dose NN O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
by IN O
25 CD O
to TO O
50 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
LTG NNP O
exacerbated VBD O
MJ NNP B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
delayed JJ O
but CC O
more RBR O
severe JJ O
manner NN O
, , O
with IN O
myoclonic JJ B-Disease
status NN I-Disease
that WDT O
only RB O
ceased VBD O
after IN O
LTG NNP O
withdrawal NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Absence NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
cerebral JJ O
vasoconstriction NN O
after IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
subarachnoid NN B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTRODUCTION NN O
: : O
Cocaine NN O
use NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
neurovascular JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
arterial JJ O
vasoconstriction NN O
and CC O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
there EX O
are VBP O
few JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
angiographic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
on IN O
human JJ O
cerebral JJ O
arteries NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Information NN O
on IN O
these DT O
effects NNS O
could MD O
be VB O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
angiograms NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
subarachnoid NN B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
SAH NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
angiography NN O
shortly RB O
after IN O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
screened VBD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
SAH NNP B-Disease
retrospectively RB O
and CC O
identified VBD O
those DT O
with IN O
positive JJ O
urine NN O
toxicology NN O
for IN O
cocaine NN O
or CC O
its PRP$ O
metabolites NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Quantitative JJ O
arterial JJ O
diameter NN O
measurements NNS O
from IN O
angiograms NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
to IN O
measurements NNS O
from IN O
control NN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
SAH NNP B-Disease
who WP O
were VBD O
matched VBN O
for IN O
factors NNS O
known VBN O
to TO O
influence VB O
arterial JJ O
diameter NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Qualitative JJ O
comparisons NNS O
of IN O
small JJ O
artery NN O
changes NNS O
also RB O
were VBD O
made VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Thirteen CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
positive JJ O
cocaine NN O
toxicology NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
to IN O
26 CD O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
between IN O
groups NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
mean JJ O
diameters NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
intradural JJ O
internal JJ O
carotid JJ O
, , O
sphenoidal JJ O
segment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
middle JJ O
cerebral JJ O
, , O
precommunicating VBG O
segment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
anterior JJ O
cerebral JJ O
, , O
or CC O
basilar JJ O
arteries NNS O
( , O
p NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
for IN O
all DT O
comparisons NNS O
, , O
unpaired JJ O
t NN O
- HYPH O
tests NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
also RB O
were VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
between IN O
groups NNS O
when WRB O
expressing VBG O
diameters NNS O
as IN O
the DT O
sum NN O
of IN O
the DT O
precommunicating JJ O
segment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
anterior JJ O
cerebral JJ O
+ CC O
sphenoidal JJ O
segment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
middle JJ O
cerebral JJ O
+ CC O
supraclinoid NN O
internal JJ O
carotid JJ O
artery NN O
+ CC O
basilar JJ O
artery NN O
divided VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
diameter NN O
of IN O
the DT O
petrous JJ O
internal JJ O
carotid NN O
artery NN O
( , O
p NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
, , O
unpaired JJ O
t NN O
- HYPH O
tests NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Qualitative JJ O
assessments NNS O
showed VBD O
two CD O
arterial JJ O
irregularities NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
distal JJ O
vasculature NN O
in IN O
each DT O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
No DT O
quantitative JJ O
evidence NN O
for IN O
narrowing NN O
of IN O
large JJ O
cerebral JJ O
arteries NNS O
or CC O
qualitative JJ O
angiographic JJ O
evidence NN O
for IN O
distal JJ O
narrowing NN O
or CC O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
could MD O
be VB O
found VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
angiography NN O
after IN O
aneurysmal JJ B-Disease
SAH NNP B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methamphetamine NN O
causes VBZ O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
MAP NNP O
kinase NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
pathways NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
brains NNS O
of IN O
mice NNS O
that WDT O
display VBP O
increased VBN O
aggressiveness NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aggressive JJ B-Disease
behaviors NNS I-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
suffer VBP O
from IN O
some DT O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
are VBP O
common JJ O
in IN O
methamphetamine NN O
( -LRB- O
METH NNP O
) -RRB- O
abusers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Herein RB O
, , O
we PRP O
report VBP O
that IN O
multiple JJ O
( , O
but CC O
not RB O
single JJ O
) -RRB- O
injections NNS O
of IN O
METH NNP O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
aggressiveness NN B-Disease
in IN O
male JJ O
CD NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
aggressiveness NN B-Disease
was VBD O
not RB O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
METH NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Analysis NN O
of IN O
protein NN O
expression NN O
using VBG O
antibody NN O
microarrays NNS O
and CC O
Western JJ O
blotting NN O
revealed VBD O
differential JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
MAP NNP O
kinase NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
pathways NNS O
after IN O
multiple JJ O
and CC O
single JJ O
METH NN O
injections NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
( , O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
MEK1 NNP O
, , O
Erk2p NNP O
, , O
GSK3alpha NNP O
, , O
14 CD O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
3e CD O
, , O
and CC O
MEK7 NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
striata NN O
of IN O
mice NNS O
after IN O
multiple JJ O
injections NNS O
of IN O
METH NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MEK1 NNP O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
decreased VBN O
also RB O
after IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
METH NNP O
, , O
but CC O
to IN O
a DT O
much RB O
lesser JJR O
degree NN O
than IN O
after IN O
multiple JJ O
injections NNS O
of IN O
METH NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
frontal JJ O
cortex NN O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
GSK3alpha NNP O
after IN O
multiple JJ O
( , O
but CC O
not RB O
single JJ O
) -RRB- O
injections NNS O
of IN O
METH NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
MAP NNP O
kinase NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
pathways NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
prefronto JJ O
- HYPH O
striatal JJ O
circuitries NNS O
might MD O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
manifestation NN O
of IN O
aggressive JJ B-Disease
behaviors NNS I-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amisulpride NN O
related VBN O
tic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
in IN O
an DT O
adolescent JJ O
schizophrenic NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tic NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
can MD O
be VB O
effectively RB O
treated VBN O
by IN O
atypical JJ O
antipsychotics NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
risperidone NN O
, , O
olanzapine NN O
and CC O
ziprasidone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
there EX O
are VBP O
two CD O
case NN O
reports NNS O
that WDT O
show VBP O
tic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
motor NN O
and CC O
phonic JJ O
variants NNS O
, , O
occurring VBG O
during IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
quetiapine NN O
or CC O
clozapine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
girl NN O
schizophrenic NN B-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
frequent JJ O
involuntary JJ B-Disease
eye NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
blinking NN I-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
after IN O
5 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
amisulpride NN O
treatment NN O
( , O
1000 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
tic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
resolved VBN O
completely RB O
after IN O
we PRP O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
amisulpride NN O
down IN O
to IN O
800 CD O
mg NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
her PRP$ O
psychosis NN B-Disease
recurred VBD O
after IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
reduction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
then RB O
placed VBD O
her PRP O
on IN O
an DT O
additional JJ O
100 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
day NN O
of IN O
quetiapine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
in IN O
complete JJ O
remission NN O
under IN O
the DT O
combined VBN O
medications NNS O
for IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
one CD O
year NN O
and CC O
maintains VBZ O
a DT O
fair JJ O
role NN O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No RB O
more JJR O
tic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
or CC O
other JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Together RB O
with IN O
previously RB O
reported VBN O
cases NNS O
, , O
our PRP$ O
patient NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
tic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
like JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
might MD O
occur VB O
in IN O
certain JJ O
vulnerable JJ O
individuals NNS O
during IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
atypical JJ O
antipsychotics NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
quetiapine NN O
, , O
clozapine NN O
, , O
or CC O
amisulpride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chloroquine NN O
related VBN O
complete JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
with IN O
blindness NN B-Disease
: : O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
27 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
old JJ O
African JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
history NN O
of IN O
regular JJ O
chloroquine NN O
ingestion NN O
presented VBN O
with IN O
progressive JJ O
deterioration NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
vision NN I-Disease
, , O
easy JJ O
fatiguability NN B-Disease
, , O
dyspnoea NN B-Disease
, , O
dizziness NN B-Disease
progressing VBG O
to IN O
syncopal JJ B-Disease
attacks NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ophthalmological JJ O
assessment NN O
revealed VBD O
features NNS O
of IN O
chloroquine NN O
retinopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
cardiac JJ O
assessment NN O
revealed VBD O
features NNS O
of IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
complete JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
with IN O
right JJ B-Disease
bundle NN I-Disease
branch NN I-Disease
block NN I-Disease
pattern NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
heart NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
was VBD O
treated VBN O
by IN O
pacemaker NN O
insertion NN O
and CC O
the DT O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
resolved VBN O
spontaneously RB O
following VBG O
chloroquine NN O
discontinuation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
however RB O
remains VBZ O
blind JJ B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
suprofen NN O
on IN O
the DT O
isolated VBN O
perfused VBN O
rat NN O
kidney NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
suprofen NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
100 CD O
subjects NNS O
, , O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
damage NN O
remains VBZ O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
direct JJ O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
15 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
suprofen NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
recirculating VBG O
isolated VBN O
rat NN O
kidney NN O
perfused VBN O
with IN O
cell NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
buffer NN O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
the DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
of IN O
uric JJ O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
in IN O
renal JJ O
sodium NN O
excretion NN O
, , O
oxygen NN O
consumption NN O
, , O
or CC O
urinary JJ O
flow NN O
rates NNS O
in IN O
kidneys NNS O
perfused VBN O
with IN O
suprofen NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
control NN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decline NN O
in IN O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
after IN O
the DT O
introduction NN O
of IN O
suprofen NN O
to IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
perfused VBN O
with IN O
uric NN O
acid NN O
; : O
no DT O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
with IN O
suprofen NN O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
uric NN O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
baseline JJ O
excretion NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
uric JJ O
acid NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
given VBN O
suprofen NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
fractional JJ O
excretion NN O
of IN O
uric JJ O
acid NN O
was VBD O
unchanged JJ O
between IN O
the DT O
groups NNS O
over IN O
the DT O
experimental JJ O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
summary NN O
, , O
suprofen NN O
causes VBZ O
acute JJ B-Disease
declines NNS I-Disease
in IN I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
, , O
most RBS O
likely JJ O
by IN O
directly RB O
altering VBG O
the DT O
intrarenal JJ O
distribution NN O
of IN O
uric JJ O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Microinjection NN O
of IN O
ritanserin NN O
into IN O
the DT O
CA1 NNP O
region NN O
of IN O
hippocampus NN O
improves VBZ O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
in IN O
adult NN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
ritanserin NN O
( , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT2 NN O
antagonist NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
scopolamine NN O
( , O
muscarinic JJ O
cholinergic JJ O
antagonist NN O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
in IN O
Morris NNP O
water NN O
maze NN O
( , O
MWM NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
were VBD O
divided VBN O
into IN O
eight CD O
groups NNS O
and CC O
bilaterally RB O
cannulated VBN O
into IN O
CA1 NNP O
region NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
week NN O
later RB O
, , O
they PRP O
received VBD O
repeatedly RB O
vehicles NNS O
( , O
saline NN O
, , O
DMSO NNP O
, , O
saline NN O
+ CC O
DMSO NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
scopolamine NN O
( , O
2 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
saline NN O
/ SYM O
side NN O
; : O
30 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
training NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
ritanserin NN O
( , O
2 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
and CC O
8 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
DMSO NN O
/ SYM O
side NN O
; : O
20 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
training NN O
) , O
and CC O
scopolamine NN O
( , O
2 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
; : O
30 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
ritanserin NN O
injection NN O
) NFP O
+ SYM O
ritanserin NN O
( : O
4 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
DMSO NN O
) -RRB- O
through IN O
cannulae NN O
each DT O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Animals NNS O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
for IN O
four CD O
consecutive JJ O
days NNS O
( , O
4 CD O
trial NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
MWM NNP O
during IN O
which WDT O
the DT O
position NN O
of IN O
hidden JJ O
platform NN O
was VBD O
unchanged JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
fifth JJ O
day NN O
, , O
the DT O
platform NN O
was VBD O
elevated VBN O
above IN O
the DT O
water NN O
surface NN O
in IN O
another DT O
position NN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
function NN O
of IN O
motor NN O
, , O
motivational JJ O
and CC O
visual JJ O
systems NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
escape NN O
latencies NNS O
and CC O
traveled VBN O
distances NNS O
to TO O
find VB O
platform NN O
in IN O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
saline JJ O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ritanserin NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
( , O
4 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
/ SYM O
side NN O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
mentioned VBN O
parameters NNS O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
DMSO NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
scopolamine NN O
and CC O
ritanserin NN O
co NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
escape NN O
latencies NNS O
and CC O
traveled VBN O
distances NNS O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
findings NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
microinjection NN O
of IN O
ritanserin NN O
into IN O
the DT O
CA1 NNP O
region NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
improves VBZ O
the DT O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PTU NNP O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
girl NN O
with IN O
Turner NNP B-Disease
Syndrome NNP I-Disease
and CC O
Graves NNPS B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Palpable JJ O
purpura NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
concerning VBG O
clinical JJ O
finding NN O
in IN O
pediatric JJ O
patients NNS O
and CC O
can MD O
have VB O
many JJ O
causes NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
infectious JJ O
and CC O
autoimmune JJ O
processes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
rare JJ O
cause NN O
, , O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
, , O
may MD O
result VB O
from IN O
the DT O
production NN O
of IN O
antineutrophil JJ O
cytoplasmic JJ O
antibodies NNS O
( , O
ANCAs NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
a DT O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
girl NN O
with IN O
Turner NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
Graves NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
who WP O
presented VBD O
with IN O
palpable JJ O
purpuric JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
propylthiouracil NN O
( , O
PTU NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
made VBN O
by IN O
observation NN O
of IN O
consistent JJ O
clinical JJ O
features NNS O
, , O
the DT O
detection NN O
of IN O
elevated VBN O
ANA NNP O
and CC O
ANCA NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
observed VBN O
clinical JJ O
resolution NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
following VBG O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
PTU NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subsequent JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
persistent JJ O
hyperthyroidism NN B-Disease
with IN O
radioablation NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
result VB O
in IN O
an DT O
exacerbation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
vasculitis NN B-Disease
, , O
a DT O
complication NN O
described VBN O
in IN O
prior JJ O
case NN O
reports NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Daidzein NNP O
activates VBZ O
choline NN O
acetyltransferase NN O
from IN O
MC NNP O
- HYPH O
IXC NNP O
cells NNS O
and CC O
improves VBZ O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
choline NN O
acetyltransferase NN O
( , O
ChAT NN O
) -RRB- O
activator NN O
, , O
which WDT O
enhances VBZ O
cholinergic JJ O
transmission NN O
via IN O
an DT O
augmentation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
enzymatic JJ O
production NN O
of IN O
acetylcholine NN O
( , O
ACh NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
is VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
factor NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
AD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methanolic JJ O
extracts NNS O
from IN O
Pueraria NNP O
thunbergiana NNP O
exhibited VBD O
an DT O
activation NN O
effect NN O
( : O
46 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
ChAT NNP O
in IN O
vitro FW O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Via IN O
the DT O
sequential JJ O
isolation NN O
of IN O
Pueraria NNP O
thunbergiana NN O
, , O
the DT O
active JJ O
component NN O
was VBD O
ultimately RB O
identified VBN O
as IN O
daidzein NN O
( , O
4 CD O
' '' O
, , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
isoflavone NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
order NN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
daidzein NN O
from IN O
Pueraria NNP O
thunbergiana NN O
on IN O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
impairments NNS B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
learning NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
conducted VBD O
a DT O
series NN O
of IN O
in IN O
vivo NN O
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
daidzein NN O
( : O
4 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
body NN O
weight NN O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
mice NNS O
was VBD O
shown VBN O
significantly RB O
to TO O
reverse VB O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
, , O
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
Y NNP O
- HYPH O
maze NN O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Injections NNS O
of IN O
scopolamine NN O
into IN O
mice NNS O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
impaired VBN O
performance NN O
on IN O
Y NNP O
- HYPH O
maze NN O
tests NNS O
( : O
a DT O
37 CD O
% NN O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
alternation NN O
behavior NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
way NN O
of IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
mice NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
daidzein NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
the DT O
scopolamine NN O
injections NNS O
were VBD O
noticeably RB O
protected VBN O
from IN O
this DT O
performance NN O
impairment NN O
( : O
an DT O
approximately RB O
12 CD O
% NN O
- SYM O
21 CD O
% NN O
decrease NN O
in IN O
alternation NN O
behavior NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
daidzein NN O
might MD O
play VB O
a DT O
role NN O
in IN O
acetylcholine NN O
biosynthesis NN O
as IN O
a DT O
ChAT NNP O
activator NN O
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
it PRP O
also RB O
ameliorates VBZ O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urinary JJ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
Thai NNP O
women NNS O
with IN O
overactive JJ B-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
after IN O
tolterodine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
study VB O
the DT O
urinary JJ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
Thai NNP O
women NNS O
with IN O
overactive JJ B-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
( , O
OAB NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
after IN O
tolterodine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIAL NN O
AND CC O
METHOD NN O
: : O
Thirty CD O
women NNS O
( , O
aged VBN O
30 CD O
- SYM O
77 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
diagnosed VBD O
as IN O
having VBG O
OAB NNP B-Disease
at IN O
the DT O
Gynecology NNP O
Clinic NNP O
, , O
King NNP O
Chulalongkorn NNP O
Memorial NNP O
Hospital NNP O
from IN O
January NNP O
to IN O
April NNP O
2004 CD O
were VBD O
included VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tolterodine NNP O
2 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
twice RB O
daily RB O
was VBD O
given VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
treatment NN O
, , O
changes NNS O
in IN O
micturition NN O
diary NN O
variables NNS O
and CC O
tolerability NN O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Short JJ O
form NN O
36 CD O
( SYM O
SF36 CD O
) -RRB- O
questionaires NNS O
( -LRB- O
Thai JJ O
version NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
given VBN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
At IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
all DT O
micturition NN O
per IN O
day NN O
decreased VBD O
from IN O
16 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
7 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
5 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
3 CD O
to IN O
6 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
7 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
times NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
number NN O
of IN O
nocturia NN B-Disease
episodes NNS O
decreased VBD O
from IN O
5 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
to IN O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
times NNS O
per IN O
night NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
was VBD O
dry JJ B-Disease
month NN I-Disease
in IN O
5 CD O
cases NNS O
( SYM O
16 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
2 CD O
cases NNS O
reporting VBG O
a DT O
moderate JJ O
degree NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
case NN O
with IN O
severe JJ O
degree NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Only RB O
one CD O
case NN O
( , O
3 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
withdrew VBD O
from IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
due IN O
to IN O
a DT O
severe JJ O
dry JJ B-Disease
mouth NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
SF NNP O
- HYPH O
36 CD O
scores NNS O
changed VBD O
significantly RB O
in IN O
the DT O
domains NNS O
of IN O
physical JJ O
functioning NN O
, , O
role NN O
function NN O
emotional JJ O
, , O
social JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
mental JJ O
heath NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Tolterodine NNP O
was VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
effects NNS O
improved VBD O
the DT O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
in IN O
Thai NNP O
women NNS O
with IN O
OAB NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Remifentanil JJ O
pretreatment NN O
reduces VBZ O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
after IN O
etomidate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
STUDY NN O
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
compare VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
remifentanil NN O
1 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
and CC O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
gender NN O
on IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
after IN O
anesthesia NN O
induction NN O
with IN O
etomidate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
This DT O
was VBD O
a DT O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING NN O
: : O
The DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
at IN O
a DT O
university NN O
hospital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
: : O
Sixty CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
pretreated VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blinded VBN O
fashion NN O
with IN O
remifentanil NN O
1 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
or CC O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
remifentanil NN O
or CC O
placebo NN O
injection NN O
, , O
etomidate NN O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MEASUREMENTS NNS O
: : O
Myoclonus NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
recorded VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
scale NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
to IN O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
grade NN O
of IN O
sedation NN O
( , O
none NN O
, , O
mild JJ O
, , O
moderate JJ O
, , O
severe JJ O
) , O
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
pruritus NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
apnea NN B-Disease
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
after IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
both DT O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MAIN JJ O
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
remifentanil JJ O
group NN O
( , O
6 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
( : O
70 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
experienced VBD O
sedation NN O
, , O
apnea NN B-Disease
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
pruritus NN B-Disease
after IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
both DT O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
, , O
male JJ O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
after IN O
etomidate JJ O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Pretreatment NN O
with IN O
remifentanil NN O
1 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
reduced VBD O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
after IN O
etomidate JJ O
induction NN O
without IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
sedation NN O
, , O
apnea NN B-Disease
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
pruritus NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Men NNS O
experience VBP O
increased VBN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
than IN O
women NNS O
after IN O
etomidate JJ O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Memory NN O
function NN O
and CC O
serotonin NN O
transporter NN O
promoter NN O
gene NN O
polymorphism NN O
in IN O
ecstasy NN O
( -LRB- O
MDMA NNP O
) -RRB- O
users NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
methylenedioxymethamphetamine NN O
( -LRB- O
MDMA NNP O
or CC O
ecstasy NN O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
damage VB O
brain NN O
serotonin NN O
( , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
) , O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
animals NNS O
and CC O
possibly RB O
humans NNS O
, , O
little JJ O
is VBZ O
known VBN O
about IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
consequences NNS O
of IN O
MDMA NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
on IN O
functions NNS O
in IN O
which WDT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NNP O
is VBZ O
involved VBN O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
cognitive JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NNP O
transporters NNS O
play VBP O
a DT O
key JJ O
element NN O
in IN O
the DT O
regulation NN O
of IN O
synaptic JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
transmission NN O
it PRP O
may MD O
be VB O
important JJ O
to TO O
control VB O
for IN O
the DT O
potential JJ O
covariance NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
a DT O
polymorphism NN O
in IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
transporter NN O
promoter NN O
gene NN O
region NN O
( : O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HTTLPR NN O
) -RRB- O
when WRB O
studying VBG O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
MDMA NNP O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
cognitive JJ O
functioning NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
moderate JJ O
and CC O
heavy JJ O
MDMA NNP O
use NN O
on IN O
cognitive JJ O
function NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
abstention NN O
from IN O
MDMA NNP O
, , O
in IN O
subjects NNS O
genotyped VBN O
for IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HTTLPR NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
second JJ O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
these DT O
effects NNS O
differ VBP O
for IN O
females NNS O
and CC O
males NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifteen CD O
moderate JJ O
MDMA NNP O
users NNS O
( , O
< SYM O
55 CD O
lifetime NN O
tablets NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
22 CD O
heavy JJ O
MDMA NNP O
+ CC O
users NNS O
( , O
> SYM O
55 CD O
lifetime NN O
tablets NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
16 CD O
ex NN O
- HYPH O
MDMA NN O
+ CC O
users NNS O
( -LRB- O
last JJ O
tablet NN O
> : O
1 CD O
year NN O
ago RB O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
13 CD O
controls NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
battery NN O
of IN O
neuropsychological JJ O
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DNA NN O
from IN O
peripheral JJ O
nuclear JJ O
blood NN O
cells NNS O
was VBD O
genotyped VBN O
for IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HTTLPR NN O
using VBG O
standard JJ O
polymerase NN O
chain NN O
reaction NN O
methods NNS O
. , O
A DT O
significant JJ O
group NN O
effect NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
only RB O
on IN O
memory NN O
function NN O
tasks NNS O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
04 CD O
) -RRB- O
but CC O
not RB O
on IN O
reaction NN O
times NNS O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
61 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
attention NN O
/ SYM O
executive NN O
functioning NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
59 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heavy JJ O
and CC O
ex NN O
- HYPH O
MDMA NN O
+ CC O
users NNS O
performed VBD O
significantly RB O
poorer JJR O
on IN O
memory NN O
tasks NNS O
than IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
no DT O
evidence NN O
of IN O
memory NN B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
moderate JJ O
MDMA NNP O
users NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HTTLPR NN O
or CC O
gender NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
MDMA NNP O
in IN O
quantities NNS O
that WDT O
may MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
"""" `` O
moderate JJ O
"""" '' O
is VBZ O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
impaired JJ B-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
functioning NN I-Disease
, , O
heavy JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
MDMA NNP O
use NN O
may MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
long JJ O
lasting VBG O
memory NN B-Disease
impairments NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HTTLPR NN O
or CC O
gender NN O
on IN O
memory NN O
function NN O
or CC O
MDMA NNP O
use NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Role NN O
of IN O
mangiferin NN O
on IN O
biochemical JJ O
alterations NNS O
and CC O
antioxidant JJ O
status NN O
in IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
current JJ O
study NN O
dealt VBD O
with IN O
the DT O
protective JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
mangiferin NN O
, , O
a DT O
polyphenol NN O
from IN O
Mangifera NNP O
indica NN O
Linn NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
( -LRB- O
Anacardiaceae NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
on IN O
isoproterenol NN O
( , O
ISPH NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
MI NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
rats NNS O
through IN O
its PRP$ O
antioxidative JJ O
mechanism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subcutaneous JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
ISPH NNP O
( , O
200 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
body NN O
weight NN O
in IN O
1 CD O
ml CD O
saline NN O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
rats NNS O
for IN O
2 CD O
consecutive JJ O
days NNS O
caused VBD O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
rat NN O
heart NN O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
increased VBN O
activity NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
lactate NN O
dehydrogenase NN O
( , O
LDH NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
creatine JJ O
phosphokinase NN O
isoenzymes NN O
( -LRB- O
CK NNP O
- HYPH O
MB NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
increased VBN O
uric JJ O
acid NN O
level NN O
and CC O
reduced VBN O
plasma NN O
iron NN O
binding NN O
capacity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
protective JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
mangiferin NN O
was VBD O
analyzed VBN O
by IN O
triphenyl NN O
tetrazolium NN O
chloride NN O
( -LRB- O
TTC NNP O
) -RRB- O
test NN O
used VBN O
for IN O
macroscopic JJ O
enzyme NN O
mapping NN O
assay NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
myocardium NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
heart NN O
tissue NN O
antioxidant NN O
enzymes NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
superoxide NN O
dismutase NN O
, , O
catalase NN O
, , O
glutathione NN O
peroxidase NN O
, , O
glutathione NN O
transferase NN O
and CC O
glutathione NN O
reductase NN O
activities NNS O
, , O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
enzymic JJ O
antioxidants NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
cerruloplasmin NN O
, , O
Vitamin NNP O
C NNP O
, , O
Vitamin NNP O
E NNP O
and CC O
glutathione NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
altered VBN O
in IN O
MI NNP B-Disease
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Upon IN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
mangiferin NN O
( , O
100 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
body NN O
weight NN O
suspended VBN O
in IN O
2 CD O
ml NNS O
of IN O
dimethyl NN O
sulphoxide NN O
) , O
given VBN O
intraperitoneally RB O
for IN O
28 CD O
days NNS O
to IN O
MI NNP B-Disease
rats NNS O
protected VBD O
the DT O
above RB O
- HYPH O
mentioned VBN O
parameters NNS O
to TO O
fall VB O
from IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Activities NNS O
of IN O
heart NN O
tissue NN O
enzymic JJ O
antioxidants NNS O
and CC O
serum NN O
non NN O
- HYPH O
enzymic JJ O
antioxidants NNS O
levels NNS O
rose VBD O
significantly RB O
upon IN O
mangiferin NN O
administration NN O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
ISPH NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
MI NNP B-Disease
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
mangiferin NN O
exerts VBZ O
a DT O
beneficial JJ O
effect NN O
against IN O
ISPH NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
MI NNP B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
antioxidant JJ O
potential NN O
, , O
which WDT O
regulated VBD O
the DT O
tissues NNS O
defense NN O
system NN O
against IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiovascular JJ O
risk NN O
with IN O
cyclooxygenase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
: : O
general JJ O
problem NN O
with IN O
substance NN O
specific JJ O
differences NNS O
? . O
null null null-Disease
Randomised JJ O
clinical JJ O
trials NNS O
and CC O
observational JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
shown VBN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
, , O
stroke NN B-Disease
, , O
hypertension NN B-Disease
and CC O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
during IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
cyclooxygenase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
cardiovascular JJ O
effects NNS O
occurred VBD O
mainly RB O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
exclusively RB O
, , O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
concomitant JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cyclooxygenase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
cause VBP O
complex JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
renal JJ O
, , O
vascular JJ O
and CC O
cardiac JJ O
prostanoid NN O
profiles NNS O
thereby RB O
increasing VBG O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
and CC O
fluid JJ O
retention NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
tends VBZ O
to TO O
increase VB O
with IN O
the DT O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
and CC O
total JJ O
exposure NN O
time NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
comparison NN O
of IN O
individual JJ O
selective JJ O
and CC O
unselective JJ O
cyclooxygenase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
suggests VBZ O
substance NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
differences NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
may MD O
depend VB O
on IN O
differences NNS O
in IN O
pharmacokinetic JJ O
parameters NNS O
or CC O
inhibitory JJ O
potency NN O
and CC O
may MD O
be VB O
contributed VBN O
by IN O
prostaglandin NN O
- HYPH O
independent JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diagnostic JJ O
markers NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
N NN O
- HYPH O
terminal JJ O
pro JJ O
brain NN O
natriuretic JJ O
peptide NN O
( -LRB- O
NT NNP O
- HYPH O
proBNP NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
sensitive JJ O
C NN O
- HYPH O
reactive JJ O
protein NN O
might MD O
help VB O
in IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
identification NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
at IN O
risk NN O
, , O
thus RB O
avoiding VBG O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
serious JJ O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pilocarpine NN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
cause VBP O
age NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
impairment NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
auditory JJ I-Disease
location NN I-Disease
discrimination NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Children NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
have VBP O
continuous JJ O
or CC O
rapidly RB O
repeating VBG O
seizures NNS B-Disease
that WDT O
may MD O
be VB O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
and CC O
may MD O
cause VB O
life NN O
- HYPH O
long JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
brain NN O
and CC O
behavior NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
extent NN O
to IN O
which WDT O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
causes VBZ O
deficits NNS B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
auditory JJ I-Disease
discrimination NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
naturalistic JJ O
auditory JJ O
location NN O
discrimination NN O
method NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
this DT O
question NN O
using VBG O
an DT O
animal NN O
model NN O
of IN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male NNP O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
injected VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
on IN O
postnatal JJ O
day NN O
( , O
P NN O
) SYM O
20 CD O
, , O
or CC O
a DT O
convulsant JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
pilocarpine NN O
on IN O
P20 NNP O
or CC O
P45 NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pilocarpine NN O
on IN O
either DT O
day NN O
induced VBN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
; , O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
at IN O
P45 NNP O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
CA3 NN O
cell NN O
loss NN O
and CC O
spontaneous JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
P20 NN O
rats NNS O
had VBD O
no DT O
cell NN O
loss NN O
or CC O
spontaneous JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mature JJ O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
trained VBN O
with IN O
sound NN O
- HYPH O
source NN O
location NN O
and CC O
sound NN O
- HYPH O
silence NN O
discriminations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Control NN O
( -LRB- O
saline NN O
P20 NN O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
acquired VBD O
both DT O
discriminations NNS O
immediately RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
P20 NN O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
, , O
acquisition NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sound NN O
- HYPH O
source NN O
location NN O
discrimination NN O
was VBD O
moderately RB O
impaired JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
P45 NN O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
failed VBD O
to TO O
acquire VB O
either CC O
sound JJ O
- HYPH O
source NN O
location NN O
or CC O
sound VB O
- HYPH O
silence NN O
discriminations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
in IN O
rat NN O
causes VBZ O
an DT O
age NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
, , O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
impairment NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
auditory JJ I-Disease
discrimination NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
impairment NN O
may MD O
explain VB O
one CD O
cause NN O
of IN O
impaired JJ B-Disease
auditory JJ I-Disease
location NN I-Disease
discrimination NN I-Disease
in IN O
humans NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nerve JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
and CC O
prostaglandins NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
urine NN O
of IN O
female JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
overactive JJ B-Disease
bladder NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
NGF NNP O
and CC O
PGs NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
can MD O
be VB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
pathological JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
and CC O
these DT O
changes NNS O
can MD O
be VB O
detected VBN O
in IN O
urine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
changes NNS O
in IN O
urinary JJ O
NGF NNP O
and CC O
PGs NNS O
in IN O
women NNS O
with IN O
OAB NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIALS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
study NN O
groups NNS O
included VBD O
65 CD O
women NNS O
with IN O
OAB NNP B-Disease
and CC O
20 CD O
without IN O
bladder NN O
symptoms NNS O
who WP O
served VBD O
as IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Evaluation NN O
included VBD O
patient JJ O
history NN O
, , O
urinalysis NN O
, , O
a DT O
voiding VBG O
diary NN O
and CC O
urodynamic JJ O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urine NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
collected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NGF NNP O
, , O
PGE2 NNP O
, , O
PGF2alpha NNP O
and CC O
PGI2 NNP O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
using VBG O
enzyme NN O
- HYPH O
linked VBN O
immunosorbent JJ O
assay NN O
and CC O
compared VBN O
between IN O
the DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
correlations NNS O
between IN O
urinary JJ O
NGF NNP O
and CC O
PG NNP O
, , O
and CC O
urodynamic JJ O
parameters NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
OAB NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
examined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Urinary NNP O
NGF NNP O
, , O
PGE2 NNP O
and CC O
PGF2alpha NNP O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
OAB NN B-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
controls NNS O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
urinary JJ O
PGI2 NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
different JJ O
between IN O
controls NNS O
and CC O
patients NNS O
with IN O
OAB NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
OAB NNP B-Disease
urinary JJ O
PGE2 NNP O
positively RB O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
volume NN O
at IN O
first JJ O
desire NN O
to TO O
void VB O
and CC O
maximum NN O
cystometric JJ O
capacity NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urinary NNP O
NGF NNP O
, , O
PGF2alpha NNP O
and CC O
PGI2 NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
correlate VB O
with IN O
urodynamic JJ O
parameters NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
OAB NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
NGF NNP O
and CC O
PGs NNS O
have VBP O
important JJ O
roles NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
OAB NNP B-Disease
symptoms NNS O
in IN O
female JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urinary JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
factors NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
as IN O
markers NNS O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
OAB NNP B-Disease
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Definition NN O
and CC O
management NN O
of IN O
anemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
infected VBN B-Disease
with IN I-Disease
hepatitis NNP I-Disease
C NNP I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ B-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
with IN I-Disease
hepatitis NNP I-Disease
C NNP I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
( , O
HCV NNP O
) -RRB- O
can MD O
progress VB O
to IN O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
, , O
hepatocellular JJ B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
end NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
stage NN I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
current JJ O
best JJS O
treatment NN O
for IN O
HCV NNP B-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
pegylated JJ O
interferon NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
this DT O
regimen NN O
produces VBZ O
sustained JJ O
virologic JJ O
responses NNS O
( , O
SVRs NNS O
) , O
in IN O
approximately RB O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
can MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
potentially RB O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemoglobin NN O
concentrations NNS O
decrease VBP O
mainly RB O
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemolysis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
this DT O
anemia NN B-Disease
can MD O
be VB O
problematic JJ O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
HCV NNP B-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
, , O
especially RB O
those DT O
who WP O
have VBP O
comorbid NN O
renal JJ B-Disease
or CC I-Disease
cardiovascular JJ I-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
general JJ O
, , O
anemia NN B-Disease
can MD O
increase VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
morbidity NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
, , O
and CC O
may MD O
have VB O
negative JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
cerebral JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
ribavirin NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
can MD O
be VB O
reversed VBN O
by IN O
dose NN O
reduction NN O
or CC O
discontinuation NN O
, , O
this DT O
approach NN O
compromises VBZ O
outcomes NNS O
by IN O
significantly RB O
decreasing VBG O
SVR NNP O
rates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recombinant JJ O
human JJ O
erythropoietin NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
used VBN O
to TO O
manage VB O
ribavirin NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
but CC O
has VBZ O
other JJ O
potential JJ O
disadvantages NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Viramidine NNP O
, , O
a DT O
liver NN O
- HYPH O
targeting VBG O
prodrug NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
the DT O
potential NN O
to TO O
maintain VB O
the DT O
virologic JJ O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
ribavirin NN O
while IN O
decreasing VBG O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
C NNP I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Impact NN O
of IN O
alcohol NN O
exposure NN O
after IN O
pregnancy NN O
recognition NN O
on IN O
ultrasonographic JJ O
fetal JJ O
growth NN O
measures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
More JJR O
than IN O
3 CD O
decades NNS O
after IN O
Jones NNP O
and CC O
Smith NNP O
( SYM O
1973 CD O
) -RRB- O
reported VBD O
on IN O
the DT O
devastation NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
alcohol NN O
exposure NN O
on IN O
fetal JJ O
development NN O
, , O
the DT O
rates NNS O
of IN O
heavy JJ O
drinking NN O
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
remain VBP O
relatively RB O
unchanged JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Early JJ O
identification NN O
of IN O
fetal JJ O
alcohol NN O
exposure NN O
and CC O
maternal JJ O
abstinence NN O
led VBD O
to IN O
better JJR O
infant NN O
outcomes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
examined VBD O
the DT O
utility NN O
of IN O
biometry NN O
for IN O
detecting VBG O
alcohol NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
fetal JJ O
growth NN B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
obtained VBD O
fetal JJ O
ultrasound NN O
measures NNS O
from IN O
routine JJ O
ultrasound NN O
examinations NNS O
for IN O
167 CD O
pregnant JJ O
hazardous JJ O
drinkers NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
enrolled VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
brief JJ O
alcohol NN O
intervention NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
fetal JJ O
measures NNS O
for IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
quit VBD O
after IN O
learning VBG O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
pregnancies NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
measures NNS O
for IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
continued VBD O
some DT O
drinking NN O
throughout IN O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
pregnancies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
intensity NN O
of IN O
alcohol NN O
consumption NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
poorer JJR O
fetal JJ O
outcomes NNS O
, , O
separate JJ O
analyses NNS O
were VBD O
conducted VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
heavy JJ O
( HYPH O
average NN O
of IN O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
5 CD O
drinks NNS O
per IN O
drinking NN O
day NN O
) , O
alcohol NN O
consumers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fetal JJ O
measures NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
heavy RB O
- HYPH O
exposed VBN O
fetuses NNS O
were VBD O
also RB O
compared VBN O
with IN O
measures NNS O
from IN O
a DT O
nondrinking VBG O
group NN O
that WDT O
was VBD O
representative JJ O
of IN O
normal JJ O
, , O
uncomplicated JJ O
pregnancies NNS O
from IN O
our PRP$ O
clinics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Analyses NNS O
of IN O
covariance NN O
were VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
there EX O
were VBD O
differences NNS O
between IN O
groups NNS O
after IN O
controlling VBG O
for IN O
influences NNS O
of IN O
gestational JJ O
age NN O
and CC O
drug NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Nearly RB O
half NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pregnant JJ O
drinkers NNS O
abstained VBD O
after IN O
learning VBG O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
pregnancies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
women NNS O
reportedly RB O
quit VBD O
drinking VBG O
early RB O
in IN O
their PRP$ O
pregnancies NNS O
, , O
fetal JJ O
growth NN O
measures NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
a DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
alcohol NN O
- HYPH O
exposed VBN O
group NN O
, , O
regardless RB O
of IN O
prior JJ O
drinking NN O
patterns NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Any DT O
alcohol NN O
consumption NN O
postpregnancy NN O
recognition NN O
among IN O
the DT O
heavy JJ O
drinkers NNS O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
reduced VBN B-Disease
cerebellar JJ I-Disease
growth NN I-Disease
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
decreased VBN B-Disease
cranial NN I-Disease
to IN I-Disease
body NN I-Disease
growth NN I-Disease
in IN O
comparison NN O
with IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
either CC O
quit VBD O
drinking VBG O
or CC O
who WP O
were VBD O
nondrinkers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amphetamine NN O
abuse NN O
was VBD O
predictive JJ O
of IN O
larger JJR O
cranial NN O
to IN O
body NN O
growth NN O
ratios NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Alterations NNS O
in IN O
fetal JJ O
biometric JJ O
measurements NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
among IN O
the DT O
heavy JJ O
drinkers NNS O
only RB O
when WRB O
they PRP O
continued VBD O
drinking VBG O
after IN O
becoming VBG O
aware JJ O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
pregnancies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
reliance NN O
on IN O
self NN O
- HYPH O
reported VBN O
drinking NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
limitation NN O
in IN O
this DT O
study NN O
, , O
these DT O
findings NNS O
support VBP O
the DT O
benefits NNS O
of IN O
early JJ O
abstinence NN O
and CC O
the DT O
potential NN O
for IN O
ultrasound NN O
examinations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
detection NN O
of IN O
fetal JJ O
alcohol NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ethambutol NNP O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTRODUCTION NN O
: : O
Ethambutol NNP O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
tuberculosis NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
still RB O
prevalent JJ O
in IN O
Southeast NNP O
Asia NNP O
, , O
and CC O
can MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
permanent JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
3 CD O
cases NNS O
which WDT O
presented VBD O
with IN O
bitemporal JJ B-Disease
hemianopia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CLINICAL JJ O
PICTURE NN O
: : O
Three CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
ethambutol NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
toxic JJ O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
are VBP O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
central JJ I-Disease
visual JJ I-Disease
acuity NN I-Disease
, , I-Disease
colour NN I-Disease
vision NN I-Disease
( , I-Disease
Ishihara NNP I-Disease
) , I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
visual JJ I-Disease
field NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
visual JJ B-Disease
field NN I-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
had VBD O
a DT O
bitemporal JJ O
flavour NN O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
involvement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
optic JJ O
chiasm NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
TREATMENT NN O
: : O
Despite IN O
stopping VBG O
ethambutol NN O
on IN O
diagnosis NN O
, , O
visual JJ O
function NN O
continued VBD O
to TO O
deteriorate VB O
for IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subsequent JJ O
improvement NN O
was VBD O
mild JJ O
in IN O
2 CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
third JJ O
case NN O
, , O
visual JJ O
acuity NN O
and CC O
colour NN O
vision NN O
normalised VBN O
but CC O
the DT O
optic JJ O
discs NNS O
were VBD O
pale JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OUTCOME NN O
: : O
All DT O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
some DT O
permanent JJ O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
visual JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Ethambutol NNP O
usage NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
permanent JJ O
visual JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
and CC O
should MD O
be VB O
avoided VBN O
if IN O
possible JJ O
or CC O
used VBN O
with IN O
caution NN O
and CC O
proper JJ O
ophthalmological JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
author NN O
postulates VBZ O
that IN O
in IN O
cases NNS O
of IN O
ethambutol NN O
associated VBN O
chiasmopathy NN O
, , O
ethambutol NN O
may MD O
initially RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
optic JJ O
nerves NNS O
and CC O
subsequently RB O
progress VB O
to TO O
involve VB O
the DT O
optic JJ O
chiasm NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
neuroleptic JJ B-Disease
malignant JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
concomitant JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
paroxetine NN O
and CC O
alprazolam NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
74 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
depressive JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
was VBD O
admitted VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
hospital NN O
due IN O
to IN O
insomnia NN B-Disease
, , O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
appetite NN I-Disease
, , O
exhaustion NN O
, , O
and CC O
agitation NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Medical JJ O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
initiated VBN O
at IN O
a DT O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
20 CD O
mg NN O
paroxetine NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mg NN O
alprazolam NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
10th JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
paroxetine NN O
and CC O
alprazolam NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
exhibited VBD O
marked JJ O
psychomotor NN B-Disease
retardation NN I-Disease
, , O
disorientation NN O
, , O
and CC O
severe JJ O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
with IN O
tremors NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
fever NN B-Disease
( , O
38 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
degrees NNS O
C NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
fluctuating VBG O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
( : O
between IN O
165 CD O
/ SYM O
90 CD O
and CC O
130 CD O
/ SYM O
70 CD O
mg NN O
mm NN O
Hg NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
severe JJ O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Laboratory NN O
tests NNS O
showed VBD O
an DT O
elevation NN O
of IN O
creatine JJ O
phosphokinase NN O
( , O
2218 CD O
IU NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
aspartate NN O
aminotransferase NN O
( , O
134 CD O
IU NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
alanine NN O
aminotransferase NN O
( , O
78 CD O
IU NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
BUN NNP O
( SYM O
27 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
received VBD O
bromocriptine NN O
and CC O
diazepam NN O
to TO O
treat VB O
his PRP$ O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
7 CD O
days NNS O
later RB O
, , O
the DT O
fever NN B-Disease
disappeared VBD O
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
serum NN O
CPK NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
normalized VBN O
( : O
175 CD O
IU NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
patient NN O
presented VBD O
with IN O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
neuroleptic JJ B-Disease
malignant JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( , O
NMS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
thus RB O
demonstrating VBG O
that IN O
NMS NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
symptoms NNS O
can MD O
occur VB O
after IN O
combined VBN O
paroxetine NN O
and CC O
alprazolam NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reaction NN O
score NN O
obtained VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
Naranjo NNP O
algorithm NN O
was VBD O
6 CD O
in IN O
our PRP$ O
case NN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
a DT O
probable JJ O
relationship NN O
between IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
NMS NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
adverse JJ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
combined VBN O
treatment NN O
used VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
case NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
involvement NN O
of IN O
physiologic JJ O
and CC O
environmental JJ O
aspects NNS O
specific JJ O
to IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
suspected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Several JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
for IN O
NMS NNP B-Disease
should MD O
be VB O
noted VBN O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
depressive JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
whose WP$ O
symptoms NNS O
often RB O
include VBP O
dehydration NN B-Disease
, , O
agitation NN B-Disease
, , O
malnutrition NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
exhaustion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Careful JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
intervention NN O
is VBZ O
necessary JJ O
in IN O
cases NNS O
involving VBG O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
who WP O
suffer VBP O
from IN O
depression NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Down RB O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
norepinephrine NN O
transporter NN O
function NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
chronic JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
desipramine NN O
linking VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
alteration NN O
of IN O
sensitivity NN O
of IN O
local JJ O
- HYPH O
anesthetics NNS O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
counteraction NN O
by IN O
co NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
with IN O
local JJ O
anesthetics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Alterations NNS O
of IN O
norepinephrine NN O
transporter NN O
( -LRB- O
NET NN O
) -RRB- O
function NN O
by IN O
chronic JJ O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
NET NNP O
in IN O
relation NN O
to IN O
sensitization NN O
to IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
induce VBP O
by IN O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
local JJ O
anesthetics NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Daily JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
desipramine NN O
, , O
an DT O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
the DT O
NET NNP O
, , O
for IN O
5 CD O
days NNS O
decreased VBD O
[ -LRB- O
( : O
3 CD O
) SYM O
H NN O
] -RRB- O
norepinephrine NN O
uptake NN O
in IN O
the DT O
P2 NN O
fractions NNS O
of IN O
hippocampus NN O
but CC O
not RB O
cortex NN O
, , O
striatum NN O
or CC O
amygdalae NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Co NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
, , O
bupivacaine NN O
or CC O
tricaine NN O
with IN O
desipramine NN O
reversed VBD O
this DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Daily JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
increased VBD O
[ -LRB- O
( : O
3 CD O
) SYM O
H NN O
] -RRB- O
norepinephrine NN O
uptake NN O
into IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Daily JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
desipramine NN O
increased VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
appearance NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
and CC O
decreased VBD O
that DT O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Co NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
with IN O
desipramine NN O
reversed VBD O
the DT O
changes NNS O
of IN O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
activity NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
and CC O
cocaine NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
repeated VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
desipramine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
down IN O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
hippocampal JJ O
NET NNP O
induced VBN O
by IN O
chronic JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
desipramine NN O
may MD O
be VB O
relevant JJ O
to IN O
desipramine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sensitization NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Inhibition NN O
of IN O
Na NNP O
( , O
+ CC O
) -RRB- O
channels NNS O
by IN O
local JJ O
anesthetics NNS O
may MD O
regulate VB O
desipramine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
down IN O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
NET NNP O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Repeated VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
induces VBZ O
up IN O
- HYPH O
regulation NN O
of IN O
hippocampal JJ O
NET NN O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Desipramine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sensitization NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
may MD O
have VB O
a DT O
mechanism NN O
distinct JJ O
from IN O
kindling NN O
resulting VBG O
from IN O
repeated VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atorvastatin NNP O
prevented VBD O
and CC O
reversed VBD O
dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
antioxidant JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
atorvastatin NN O
( , O
atorva NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
dexamethasone NN O
( HYPH O
dex NN O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
60 CD O
male JJ O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
atorva NN O
30 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
or CC O
tap NN O
water NN O
for IN O
15 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dex NN O
increased VBD O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
SBP NNP O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
109 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
to IN O
135 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mmHg NN O
and CC O
plasma NN O
superoxide NN O
( : O
5711 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
284 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
saline NN O
, , O
7931 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
392 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
dex NN O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
prevention NN O
study NN O
, , O
SBP NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
atorva NN O
+ CC O
dex NN O
group NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
from IN O
115 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
to IN O
124 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mmHg NN O
, , O
but CC O
this DT O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
dex NN O
- HYPH O
only JJ O
group NN O
( : O
P NN O
' '' O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atorva NNP O
reversed VBD O
dex NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
( : O
129 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mmHg NN O
, , O
vs FW O
. . O
135 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mmHg NN O
P NN O
' '' O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
decreased VBN O
plasma NN O
superoxide NN O
( : O
7931 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
392 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
dex NN O
, , O
1187 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
441 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
atorva NN O
+ CC O
dex NN O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
nitrate NN O
/ SYM O
nitrite NN O
( , O
NOx NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
dex NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
compared VBN O
to IN O
saline NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
( : O
11 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
08 CD O
microm NN O
, , O
15 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
17 CD O
microm NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atorva NNP O
affected VBD O
neither CC O
plasma NN O
NOx NNP O
nor CC O
thymus NN O
weight NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
atorvastatin NN O
prevented VBD O
and CC O
reversed VBD O
dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
cytosine NN O
arabinoside NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
myeloid NN I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
cytosine NN O
arabinoside NN O
is VBZ O
well RB O
recognized VBN O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
cytosine NN O
arabinoside NN O
in IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
infrequently RB O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
49 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
Japanese JJ O
man NN O
was VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
myeloid NN I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
he PRP O
achieved VBD O
complete JJ O
remission NN O
, , O
he PRP O
received VBD O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
cytosine NN O
arabinoside NN O
treatment NN O
( : O
2 CD O
g NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
twice PDT O
a DT O
day NN O
for IN O
5 CD O
days NNS O
; : O
total JJ O
, , O
20 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
m2 NN O
) -RRB- O
as IN O
consolidation NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
first JJ O
course NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
cytosine NN O
arabinoside NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
no DT O
unusual JJ O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
but CC O
on IN O
day NN O
21 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
course NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
complained VBD O
of IN O
numbness NN B-Disease
in IN O
his PRP$ O
right JJ O
foot NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electromyogram NN O
and CC O
nerve NN O
- HYPH O
conduction NN O
studies NNS O
showed VBD O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
peroneal JJ O
nerves NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
was VBD O
gradually RB O
resolving VBG O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
after IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
received VBD O
allogeneic JJ O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplantation NN O
, , O
the DT O
symptoms NNS O
worsened VBD O
, , O
with IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
graft NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
versus IN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
host NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
symptoms NNS O
subsequently RB O
responded VBD O
to IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
are VBP O
still RB O
unclear JJ O
, , O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
cytosine NN O
arabinoside NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
therapy NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
potentially RB O
toxic JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
, , O
and CC O
auto NN O
/ SYM O
alloimmunity NN O
may MD O
play VB O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
these DT O
mechanisms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
tocopherol NN O
and CC O
deferoxamine NN O
on IN O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Methamphetamine NN O
( , O
MA NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
believed VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
increased VBN O
formation NN O
of IN O
free JJ O
radicals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
examined VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
tocopherol NN O
( , O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
TC NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
scavenger NN O
of IN O
reactive JJ O
oxygen NN O
species NN O
, , O
and CC O
deferoxamine NN O
( , O
DFO NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
iron NN O
chelator NN O
, , O
on IN O
the DT O
MA NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male JJ O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
MA NNP O
( : O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
every DT O
2 CD O
h NN O
for IN O
four CD O
injections NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rat NN O
received VBD O
either CC O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
TC NN O
( : O
20 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
intraperitoneally RB O
for IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
and CC O
30 CD O
min NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
MA NNP O
administration NN O
or CC O
DFO NNP O
( SYM O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
subcutaneously RB O
30 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
MA NNP O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
( -LRB- O
DA NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
serotonin NN O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
metabolites NNS O
decreased VBD O
significantly RB O
after IN O
MA NNP O
administration NN O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
inhibited VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
TC NN O
and CC O
DFO NNP O
pretreatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
TC NNP O
and CC O
DFO NNP O
attenuated VBD O
the DT O
MA NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBD O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
the DT O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
level NN O
of IN O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
and CC O
the DT O
reduced VBN O
glutathione NN O
concentration NN O
was VBD O
lower JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
MA NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBN O
by IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
TC NNP O
and CC O
DFO NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
TC NN O
and CC O
DFO NNP O
ameliorate VBP O
the DT O
MA NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBD O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
by IN O
decreasing VBG O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blockade NN O
of IN O
both CC O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
and CC O
D NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
dopamine NN O
receptors NNS O
may MD O
induce VB O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
1 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
dopamine NN O
antagonists NNS O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
tested VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
possible JJ O
dopamine NN O
subtypes NNS O
involved VBN O
in IN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
was VBD O
determined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
2 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dopamine NN O
antagonist NN O
fluphenazine NN O
, , O
D NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
antagonist NN O
SCH NNP O
23390 CD O
or CC O
D NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
antagonist NN O
sulpiride NN O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
fluphenazine NN O
and CC O
sulpiride NN O
was VBD O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Combination NN O
of IN O
SCH NNP O
23390 CD O
with IN O
sulpiride NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
induce VB O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
potentiation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
3 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
D NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
agonist NN O
SKF NNP O
38393 CD O
or CC O
D NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
agonist NN O
quinpirole NN O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
fluphenazine NN O
, , O
SCH NNP O
23390 CD O
or CC O
sulpiride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
4 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Combination NN O
of IN O
SKF NNP O
38393 CD O
with IN O
quinpirole NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
cause VB O
potentiated JJ O
inhibitory JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
dopamine NN O
antagonists NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
5 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
may MD O
indicate VB O
that IN O
although IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
receptor NN O
blockade NN O
is VBZ O
involved VBN O
in IN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
receptor NN O
may MD O
plan VB O
a DT O
role NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sustained JJ O
clinical JJ O
improvement NN O
of IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
decompensated JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
virus NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
lamivudine NN O
monotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
( -LRB- I-Disease
HBV NNP I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
causes VBZ O
liver NN B-Disease
cirrhosis NN I-Disease
and CC O
hepatocellular JJ B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
, , O
remains VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
health NN O
problem NN O
in IN O
Asian JJ O
countries NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recent JJ O
development NN O
of IN O
vaccine NN O
for IN O
prevention NN O
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
successful JJ O
in IN O
reducing VBG O
the DT O
size NN O
of IN O
chronically RB O
infected VBN O
carriers NNS O
, , O
although IN O
the DT O
standard JJ O
medical JJ O
therapies NNS O
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
established VBN O
up IN O
to IN O
now RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
report NN O
, , O
we PRP O
encountered VBD O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
decompensated JJ O
HBV NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
who WP O
exhibited VBD O
the DT O
dramatic JJ O
improvements NNS O
after IN O
antiviral JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
a DT O
50 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
conventional JJ O
medical JJ O
treatments NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
effective JJ O
for IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
, , O
thus RB O
this DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
been VBN O
referred VBN O
to IN O
our PRP$ O
hospital NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
lamivudine NN O
, , O
a DT O
reverse JJ O
transcriptase NN O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
for IN O
23 CD O
months NNS O
dramatically RB O
improved VBD O
her PRP$ O
liver NN O
severity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
this DT O
period NN O
, , O
no DT O
drug NN O
resistant JJ O
mutant NN O
HBV NNP O
emerged VBD O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
serum JJ O
HBV NNP O
- HYPH O
DNA NNP O
level NN O
was VBD O
continuously RB O
suppressed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
virological JJ O
responses NNS O
were VBD O
also RB O
maintained VBN O
even RB O
after IN O
the DT O
antiviral JJ O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
both CC O
hepatitis NNP O
B NNP O
surface NN O
antigen NN O
and CC O
e JJ O
antigen NN O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
disappeared VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
lamivudine NN O
to IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
HBV NNP O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
, , O
like IN O
our PRP$ O
present JJ O
case NN O
, , O
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
as IN O
an DT O
initial JJ O
medical JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
option NN O
, , O
especially RB O
in IN O
countries NNS O
where WRB O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
reliably RB O
available JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antiarrhythmic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
optical JJ O
isomers NNS O
of IN O
cibenzoline NN O
on IN O
canine NN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antiarrhythmic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
( , O
+ NFP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
cibenzoline NN O
and CC O
( , O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
cibenzoline NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
using VBG O
two CD O
canine NN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmia NN I-Disease
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Digitalis NN O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
suppressed VBN O
by IN O
Na NNP O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
intermittent JJ O
intravenous JJ O
( : O
i LS O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
injection NN O
of IN O
ouabain NN O
in IN O
pentobarbital NN O
- HYPH O
anesthetized VBN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adrenaline JJ B-Disease
arrhythmia NN I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
suppressed VBN O
by IN O
Ca NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
adrenaline NN O
infusion NN O
in IN O
halothane NN O
- HYPH O
anesthetized VBN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
and CC O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
( : O
+ NFP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
cibenzoline NN O
suppressed VBN O
digitalis NN O
- : O
and CC O
adrenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
arrhythmias NNS B-Disease
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
minimum JJ O
effective JJ O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
( : O
+ NFP O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
cibenzoline NN O
for IN O
digitalis NN O
- : O
and CC O
adrenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
arrhythmias NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
mean JJ O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SD NN O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
lower JJR O
dose NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
of IN O
( : O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
cibenzoline NN O
suppressed VBD O
the DT O
digitalis NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
was VBD O
needed VBN O
to TO O
suppress VB O
adrenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
arrhythmias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
minimum JJ O
effective JJ O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
( : O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
cibenzoline NN O
for IN O
digitalis NN O
- : O
and CC O
adrenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
06 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
04 CD O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
mean JJ O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SD NN O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
stronger JJR O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
( : O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
cibenzoline NN O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
( : O
- HYPH O
) LS O
- HYPH O
isomer NN O
may MD O
have VB O
an DT O
effect NN O
nearly RB O
5 CD O
- SYM O
20 CD O
times NNS O
stronger JJR O
in IN O
suppressing VBG O
Na NNP O
channels NNS O
, , O
but CC O
effects NNS O
of IN O
both DT O
drugs NNS O
on IN O
Ca NNP O
channels NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
almost RB O
equipotent JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Passage NN O
of IN O
mannitol NN O
into IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
around IN O
gliomas NNS B-Disease
: : O
a DT O
potential JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
rebound JJ O
phenomenon NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
study NN O
on IN O
21 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AIM NN O
: : O
Widespread JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
mannitol NN O
to TO O
reduce VB O
brain NN B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
and CC O
lower JJR O
elevated JJ B-Disease
ICP NNP I-Disease
in IN O
brain NN B-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
continues VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
afflicted VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
so RB O
- HYPH O
called VBN O
rebound JJ O
phenomenon NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Leakage NN O
of IN O
mannitol NN O
into IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
parenchyma NN O
through IN O
an DT O
altered JJ O
BBB NN O
and CC O
secondary JJ O
reversal NN O
of IN O
osmotic JJ O
gradient NN O
is VBZ O
considered VBN O
the DT O
major JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
rebound NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
has VBZ O
only RB O
been VBN O
demonstrated VBN O
experimentally RB O
in IN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
a DT O
contribution NN O
to IN O
this DT O
issue NN O
we PRP O
decided VBD O
to TO O
research VB O
the DT O
possible JJ O
passage NN O
of IN O
mannitol NN O
into IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
after IN O
administration NN O
to IN O
21 CD O
brain NN B-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Mannitol NNP O
( : O
18 CD O
% NN O
solution NN O
; : O
1 CD O
g NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
bolus NN O
to IN O
patients NNS O
( , O
ten CD O
had VBD O
malignant JJ B-Disease
glioma NN I-Disease
, , O
seven CD O
brain NN O
metastases NNS B-Disease
and CC O
four CD O
meningioma NN B-Disease
) SYM O
about RB O
30 CD O
minutes NNS O
before IN O
craniotomy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
resection NN O
, , O
a DT O
sample NN O
of IN O
the DT O
surrounding VBG O
edematous JJ B-Disease
white JJ O
matter NN O
was VBD O
taken VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
time NN O
as IN O
a DT O
10 CD O
ml NN O
venous JJ O
blood NN O
sample NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mannitol NNP O
concentrations NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
and CC O
white JJ O
matter NN O
by IN O
a DT O
modified VBN O
version NN O
of IN O
the DT O
enzyme NN O
assay NN O
of IN O
Blonquist NNP O
et FW O
al NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
most JJS O
glioma NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
mannitol JJ O
concentrations NNS O
in IN O
white JJ O
matter NN O
were VBD O
2 CD O
to IN O
6 CD O
times NNS O
higher JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
3 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
times NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
meningioma NN B-Disease
and CC O
metastases NNS B-Disease
patients NNS O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
mannitol NN O
were VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
white JJ O
matter NN O
concentrations NNS O
except IN O
in IN O
three CD O
cases NNS O
with IN O
infiltration NN O
by IN O
neoplastic JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
study NN O
show VBP O
that IN O
even RB O
after IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
bolus NN O
, , O
mannitol NN O
may MD O
leak VB O
through IN O
the DT O
altered VBN O
BBB NNP O
near IN O
gliomas NNS B-Disease
, , O
reversing VBG O
the DT O
initial JJ O
plasma NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
blood NN O
osmotic JJ O
gradient NN O
, , O
aggravating VBG O
peritumoral JJ O
edema NN B-Disease
and CC O
promoting VBG O
rebound NN O
of IN O
ICP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Placebo NN O
- HYPH O
level NN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
( -LRB- O
EPS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
with IN O
quetiapine NN O
in IN O
controlled VBN O
studies NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
mania NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
( -LRB- O
EPS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
including VBG O
akathisia NN B-Disease
, , O
with IN O
quetiapine NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
mania NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Data NNS O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
from IN O
four CD O
similarly RB O
designed VBN O
, , O
randomized VBN O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
to TO O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
studies NNS O
evaluated VBD O
quetiapine NN O
monotherapy NN O
( , O
up IN O
to IN O
800 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
209 CD O
) -RRB- O
versus IN O
placebo NN O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
198 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
lithium NN O
or CC O
haloperidol NN O
monotherapy NN O
as IN O
respective JJ O
active JJ O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
studies NNS O
evaluated VBN O
quetiapine NN O
( , O
up IN O
to TO O
800 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) , O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
a DT O
mood NN O
stabilizer NN O
( , O
lithium NN O
or CC O
divalproex NN O
, , O
QTP NNP O
+ CC O
Li NNP O
/ SYM O
DVP NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
196 CD O
) -RRB- O
compared VBN O
to IN O
placebo NN O
and CC O
mood NN O
stabilizer NN O
( , O
PBO NNP O
+ SYM O
Li NNP O
/ SYM O
DVP NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
203 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
using VBG O
the DT O
Simpson NNP O
- HYPH O
Angus NNP O
Scale NNP O
( : O
SAS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
Barnes NNP O
Akathisia NNP O
Rating NNP O
Scale NNP O
( , O
BARS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
adverse JJ O
event NN O
reports NNS O
and CC O
anticholinergic JJ O
drug NN O
usage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
EPS NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
related VBN O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
akathisia NN B-Disease
, , O
was VBD O
no RB O
different JJ O
with IN O
quetiapine NN O
monotherapy NN O
( : O
12 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
( : O
13 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similarly RB O
, , O
EPS NNP B-Disease
- HYPH O
related VBN O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
with IN O
QTP NNP O
+ CC O
Li NNP O
/ SYM O
DVP NNP O
( SYM O
21 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
no RB O
different JJ O
than IN O
with IN O
PBO NNP O
+ SYM O
Li NNP O
/ SYM O
DVP NNP O
( SYM O
19 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
events NNS O
related VBN O
to IN O
EPS NNP B-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
59 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
haloperidol NN O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
99 CD O
) -RRB- O
monotherapy NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
26 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
lithium NN O
( HYPH O
n NN O
= SYM O
98 CD O
) -RRB- O
monotherapy NN O
experienced VBD O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
related VBN O
to IN O
EPS NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
low JJ O
and CC O
similar JJ O
with IN O
quetiapine NN O
monotherapy NN O
( : O
3 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
placebo NN O
( SYM O
6 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
with IN O
QTP NNP O
+ CC O
Li NNP O
/ SYM O
DVP NNP O
( : O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
PBO NN O
+ SYM O
Li NNP O
/ SYM O
DVP NNP O
( SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lithium NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
incidence NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
tremor NN B-Disease
( SYM O
18 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
quetiapine NN O
( , O
5 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
; , O
cerebellar JJ O
tremor NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
a DT O
known VBN O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
, , O
may MD O
have VB O
contributed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
elevated JJ O
rate NN O
of IN O
tremor NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
lithium NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haloperidol NNP O
induced VBD O
a DT O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
incidence NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
( : O
33 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
versus IN O
5 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
tremor NN B-Disease
( : O
30 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
versus IN O
7 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( : O
35 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
versus IN O
5 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
quetiapine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
between IN O
quetiapine NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
on IN O
SAS NNP O
and CC O
BARS NNP O
scores NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anticholinergic JJ O
use NN O
was VBD O
low JJ O
and CC O
similar JJ O
with IN O
quetiapine NN O
or CC O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
bipolar JJ B-Disease
mania NN I-Disease
, , O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
EPS NNP B-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
akathisia NN B-Disease
, , O
with IN O
quetiapine NN O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
similar JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
with IN O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Is VBZ O
phenytoin NN O
administration NN O
safe JJ O
in IN O
a DT O
hypothermic JJ B-Disease
child NN O
? . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
male JJ O
neonate NN O
with IN O
a DT O
Chiari NNP B-Disease
malformation NN I-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
leaking VBG O
myelomeningocoele NN O
underwent VBD O
ventriculoperitoneal JJ O
shunt NN O
insertion NN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
repair NN O
of IN O
myelomeningocoele NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
anaesthesia NN O
and CC O
surgery NN O
, , O
he PRP O
inadvertently RB O
became VBD O
moderately RB O
hypothermic JJ B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
phenytoin NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
later JJ O
part NN O
of IN O
the DT O
surgery NN O
for IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
prophylaxis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
phenytoin NN O
administration NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
acute JJ O
severe JJ O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
refractory JJ O
to IN O
atropine NN O
and CC O
adrenaline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cardiac JJ O
depressant NN O
actions NNS O
of IN O
phenytoin NN O
and CC O
hypothermia NN B-Disease
can MD O
be VB O
additive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
phenytoin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
hypothermia NN B-Disease
may MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
an DT O
adverse JJ O
cardiac JJ O
event NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
phenytoin NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
drug NN O
, , O
clinicians NNS O
need VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
interaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Valproate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
chorea NN B-Disease
and CC O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
atypical JJ O
nonketotic JJ B-Disease
hyperglycinemia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nonketotic JJ B-Disease
hyperglycinemia NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
disorder NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
amino NN I-Disease
acid NN I-Disease
metabolism NN I-Disease
in IN O
which WDT O
a DT O
defect NN O
in IN O
the DT O
glycine NN O
cleavage NN O
system NN O
leads VBZ O
to IN O
an DT O
accumulation NN O
of IN O
glycine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
and CC O
other JJ O
body NN O
compartments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
classical JJ O
form NN O
it PRP O
presents VBZ O
as IN O
neonatal JJ O
apnea NN B-Disease
, , O
intractable JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
hypotonia NN B-Disease
, , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
significant JJ O
psychomotor NN B-Disease
retardation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
important JJ O
subset NN O
of IN O
children NNS O
with IN O
nonketotic JJ B-Disease
hyperglycinemia NN I-Disease
are VBP O
atypical JJ O
variants NNS O
who WP O
present VBP O
in IN O
a DT O
heterogeneous JJ O
manner NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
report NN O
describes VBZ O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
mild JJ O
language NN B-Disease
delay NN I-Disease
and CC O
mental JJ B-Disease
retardation NN I-Disease
, , O
who WP O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
nonketotic JJ B-Disease
hyperglycinemia NN I-Disease
following VBG O
her PRP$ O
presentation NN O
with IN O
acute JJ O
encephalopathy NN B-Disease
and CC O
chorea NNS B-Disease
shortly RB O
after IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
valproate NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delayed VBN O
institution NN O
of IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
during IN O
focal JJ O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
: : O
effect NN O
on IN O
brain NN B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
instituted VBN O
after IN O
a DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
delay NN O
following VBG O
middle JJ B-Disease
cerebral JJ I-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
( , O
MCAO NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
on IN O
brain NN B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
formation NN O
and CC O
histochemical JJ O
injury NN O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Under IN O
isoflurane JJ O
anesthesia NN O
, , O
the DT O
MCA NNP O
of IN O
14 CD O
spontaneously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
was VBD O
occluded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
( , O
MAP NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
not RB O
manipulated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
group NN O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
MAP NNP O
was VBD O
elevated VBN O
by IN O
25 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NNP O
beginning VBG O
2 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
MCAO NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Four CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
MCAO NNP B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
killed VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
brains NNS O
harvested VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
brains NNS O
were VBD O
sectioned VBN O
along IN O
coronal JJ O
planes NNS O
spanning VBG O
the DT O
distribution NN O
of IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
MCAO NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Specific JJ O
gravity NN O
( -LRB- O
SG NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
subcortex NN O
and CC O
in IN O
two CD O
sites NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
cortex NN O
( , O
core NN O
and CC O
periphery NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
territory NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
was VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
2 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
triphenyltetrazolium NN O
staining VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
core NN O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
difference NN O
in IN O
SG NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
subcortex NN O
and CC O
cortex NN O
in IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
periphery NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
territory NN O
, , O
SG NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
cortex NN O
was VBD O
greater JJR O
( , O
less JJR O
edema NN B-Disease
accumulation NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
group NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
041 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
vs IN O
1 CD O
. . O
039 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
, , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
area NN O
of IN O
histochemical JJ O
injury NN O
( , O
as IN O
a DT O
percent NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
sectional JJ O
area NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hemisphere NN O
) , O
was VBD O
less JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
group NN O
( : O
33 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
3 CD O
% NN O
vs IN O
21 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
% NN O
, , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
phenylephrine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
instituted VBN O
2 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
MCAO NNP B-Disease
does VBZ O
not RB O
aggravate VB O
edema NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
core NN O
, , O
that IN O
it PRP O
improves VBZ O
edema NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
periphery NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
territory NN O
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
it PRP O
reduces VBZ O
the DT O
area NN O
of IN O
histochemical JJ O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
pubertal JJ O
anabolic JJ O
androgenic JJ O
steroid NN O
exposure NN O
in IN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
with IN O
low JJ O
serotonin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
goal NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
interactive JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
anabolic JJ O
androgenic JJ O
steroid NN O
( , O
AAS NN O
) -RRB- O
exposure NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
serotonin NN O
( , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxytryptamine NN O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
) -RRB- O
depletion NN O
on IN O
behavior NN O
of IN O
pubertal JJ O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serotonin NN O
was VBD O
depleted VBN O
beginning VBG O
on IN O
postnatal JJ O
day NN O
26 CD O
with IN O
parachlorophenylalanine NN O
( , O
PCPA NN O
100 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
every DT O
other JJ O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
; , O
controls NNS O
received VBD O
saline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
puberty NN O
( , O
P40 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
half PDT O
the DT O
PCPA NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
half PDT O
the DT O
saline NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
began VBD O
treatment NN O
with IN O
testosterone NN O
( : O
T NNP O
, , O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
5 CD O
days NNS O
/ SYM O
week NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Behavioral JJ O
measures NNS O
included VBD O
locomotion NN O
, , O
irritability NN B-Disease
, , O
copulation NN O
, , O
partner NN O
preference NN O
, , O
and CC O
aggression NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Animals NNS O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
for IN O
aggression NN B-Disease
in IN O
their PRP$ O
home NN O
cage NN O
, , O
both CC O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
physical JJ O
provocation NN O
( , O
mild JJ O
tail NN O
pinch NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Brain NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NNP O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
metabolite NN O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxyindoleacetic NN O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HIAA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
using VBG O
HPLC NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PCPA NN O
significantly RB O
and CC O
substantially RB O
depleted VBN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NNP O
and CC O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HIAA NNP O
in IN O
all DT O
brain NN O
regions NNS O
examined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ O
T NN O
treatment NN O
significantly RB O
decreased VBD O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NNP O
and CC O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HIAA NNP O
in IN O
certain JJ O
brain NN O
areas NNS O
, , O
but CC O
to IN O
a DT O
much RB O
lesser JJR O
extent NN O
than IN O
PCPA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ O
exposure NN O
to IN O
PCPA NNP O
alone RB O
significantly RB O
decreased VBD O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
and CC O
increased VBN O
irritability NN B-Disease
but CC O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
sexual JJ O
behavior NN O
, , O
partner NN O
preference NN O
, , O
or CC O
aggression NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
T NNP O
alone RB O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
locomotion NN O
, , O
irritability NN B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
sexual JJ O
behavior NN O
but CC O
increased VBN O
partner NN O
preference NN O
and CC O
aggression NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
striking JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
combining VBG O
T NNP O
+ SYM O
PCPA NNP O
was VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
attack NN O
frequency NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
latency NN O
to TO O
attack VB O
, , O
particularly RB O
following VBG O
physical JJ O
provocation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
these DT O
data NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
can MD O
be VB O
speculated VBN O
that IN O
pubertal JJ O
AAS NNP O
users NNS O
with IN O
low JJ O
central JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
may MD O
be VB O
especially RB O
prone JJ O
to TO O
exhibit VB O
aggressive JJ B-Disease
behavior NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
UMB24 NN O
and CC O
( NFP O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
SM NN O
21 CD O
, , O
putative JJ O
sigma2 NN O
- HYPH O
preferring VBG O
antagonists NNS O
, , O
on IN O
behavioral JJ O
toxic JJ O
and CC O
stimulant JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Earlier JJR O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
demonstrated VBN O
that IN O
antagonism NN O
of IN O
sigma1 NN O
receptors NNS O
attenuates VBZ O
the DT O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
, , O
lethal JJ O
, , O
locomotor NN O
stimulatory JJ O
and CC O
rewarding JJ O
actions NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
the DT O
contribution NN O
of IN O
sigma2 NN O
receptors NNS O
is VBZ O
unclear JJ O
because IN O
experimental JJ O
tools NNS O
to TO O
selectively RB O
target VB O
this DT O
subtype NN O
are VBP O
unavailable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
begin VB O
addressing VBG O
this DT O
need NN O
, , O
we PRP O
characterized VBD O
UMB24 NNP O
( , O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
phenethyl NN O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
( , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
pyridyl NN O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
piperazine NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
( , O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NN O
- HYPH O
SM NN O
21 CD O
( , O
3alpha NN O
- HYPH O
tropanyl NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
chorophenoxy NN O
) -RRB- O
butyrate NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
receptor NN O
binding NN O
and CC O
behavioral JJ O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Receptor NN O
binding NN O
studies NNS O
confirmed VBD O
that IN O
UMB24 NN O
and CC O
( NFP O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
SM NN O
21 CD O
display VBP O
preferential JJ O
affinity NN O
for IN O
sigma2 NN O
over IN O
sigma1 NN O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
behavioral JJ O
studies NNS O
, , O
pretreatment NN O
of IN O
Swiss NNP O
Webster NNP O
mice NNS O
with IN O
UMB24 NNP O
or CC O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) CD O
- HYPH O
SM NN O
21 CD O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBD O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
and CC O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
lethality NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
administered VBN O
alone RB O
, , O
( , O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NN O
- HYPH O
SM NN O
21 CD O
produced VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
effects NNS O
compared VBN O
to IN O
control NN O
injections NNS O
of IN O
saline NN O
, , O
but CC O
UMB24 NNP O
had VBD O
locomotor NN O
depressant NN O
actions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Together RB O
, , O
the DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
sigma2 NN O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
have VBP O
the DT O
potential NN O
to TO O
attenuate VB O
some DT O
of IN O
the DT O
behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
, , O
and CC O
further RB O
development NN O
of IN O
more RBR O
selective JJ O
, , O
high JJ O
affinity NN O
ligands NNS O
are VBP O
warranted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
child NN O
with IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
palsy NN I-Disease
undergoing VBG O
sevoflurane NN O
induction NN O
of IN O
anesthesia NN O
after IN O
preoperative JJ O
clonidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clonidine NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
frequently RB O
administered VBN O
alpha2 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
agonist NN O
which WDT O
can MD O
decrease VB O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
child NN O
with IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
palsy NN I-Disease
and CC O
seizure NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
, , O
receiving VBG O
clonidine NN O
for IN O
restlessness NN B-Disease
, , O
who WP O
presented VBD O
for IN O
placement NN O
of IN O
a DT O
baclofen NN O
pump NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Without IN O
the DT O
knowledge NN O
of IN O
the DT O
medical JJ O
personnel NNS O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
mother NN O
administered VBD O
three CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
during IN O
the DT O
evening NN O
before IN O
and CC O
morning NN O
of IN O
surgery NN O
to TO O
reduce VB O
anxiety NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
induction NN O
of IN O
anesthesia NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
and CC O
hypotension NN B-Disease
requiring VBG O
cardiac JJ O
resuscitation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
are VBP O
no DT O
previous JJ O
reports NNS O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
child NN O
undergoing VBG O
induction NN O
of IN O
anesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
( -LRB- O
ACE NN O
) -RRB- O
inhibitor NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
angioedema NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
stomach NN O
and CC O
small JJ O
intestine NN O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
on IN O
a DT O
45 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
old JJ O
African JJ O
- HYPH O
American JJ O
female NN O
with IN O
newly RB O
diagnosed VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
who WP O
was VBD O
started VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
combination NN O
pill NN O
of IN O
amlodipine NN O
/ SYM O
benazapril NN O
10 CD O
/ SYM O
5 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
very RB O
next JJ O
day NN O
, , O
she PRP O
presented VBD O
at IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
room NN O
( , O
ER NNP O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
abdominal JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Physical JJ O
exam NN O
, , O
complete JJ O
metabolic JJ O
panel NN O
, , O
and CC O
hemogram NN O
were VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
range NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
was VBD O
discharged VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
ER NNP O
after IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
hours NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
fluid NN O
and CC O
analgesics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
she PRP O
returned VBD O
to IN O
the DT O
ER NNP O
the DT O
next JJ O
day NN O
with IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
complaints NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
time NN O
the DT O
physical JJ O
exam NN O
was VBD O
significant JJ O
for IN O
a DT O
distended VBN O
abdomen NN O
with IN O
dullness NN O
to IN O
percussion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CT NNP O
scan NN O
of IN O
the DT O
abdomen NN O
revealed VBD O
markedly RB O
thickened VBN O
antrum NN O
of IN O
the DT O
stomach NN O
, , O
duodenum NN O
and CC O
jejunum NN O
, , O
along IN O
with IN O
fluid NN O
in IN O
the DT O
abdominal JJ O
and CC O
pelvic JJ O
cavity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitor NN O
( , O
ACEI NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
angioedema NN B-Disease
was VBD O
suspected VBN O
, , O
and CC O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
medications NNS O
were VBD O
discontinued VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
symptoms NNS O
improved VBD O
within IN O
the DT O
next JJ O
24 CD O
hours NNS O
, , O
and CC O
repeat VB O
CT NNP O
after IN O
72 CD O
hours NNS O
revealed VBD O
marked JJ O
improvement NN O
in IN O
stomach NN O
and CC O
small JJ O
bowel NN O
thickening NN O
and CC O
resolution NN O
of IN O
ascites NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
recognition NN O
of IN O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
( , O
ACE NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
angiotensin NN O
receptor NN O
blocker NN O
( , O
ARB NN O
) -RRB- O
intestinal JJ B-Disease
angioedema NN I-Disease
constitutes VBZ O
a DT O
challenge NN O
to IN O
primary JJ O
care NN O
physicians NNS O
, , O
internists NNS O
, , O
emergency NN O
room NN O
personal NN O
and CC O
surgeons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carbamazepine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Characterization NN O
of IN O
two CD O
distinct JJ O
clinical JJ O
syndromes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
sinus NN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
and CC O
atrioventricular JJ B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
, , O
induced VBN O
by IN O
carbamazepine NN O
, , O
prompted VBD O
an DT O
extensive JJ O
literature NN O
review NN O
of IN O
all DT O
previously RB O
reported VBN O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
the DT O
analysis NN O
of IN O
these DT O
cases NNS O
, , O
two CD O
distinct JJ O
forms NNS O
of IN O
carbamazepine NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
emerged VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
patient NN O
group NN O
developed VBD O
sinus NN B-Disease
tachycardias NNS I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
setting NN O
of IN O
a DT O
massive JJ O
carbamazepine NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
second JJ O
group NN O
consisted VBD O
almost RB O
exclusively RB O
of IN O
elderly JJ O
women NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
potentially RB O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
bradyarrhythmias NNS B-Disease
or CC O
atrioventricular JJ B-Disease
conduction NN I-Disease
delay NN I-Disease
, , O
associated VBN O
with IN O
either CC O
therapeutic JJ O
or CC O
modestly RB O
elevated VBN O
carbamazepine NN O
serum NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
carbamazepine NN O
is VBZ O
widely RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
many JJ O
neurologic JJ O
and CC O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
conditions NNS O
, , O
the DT O
recognition NN O
of IN O
the DT O
latter JJ O
syndrome NN O
has VBZ O
important JJ O
implications NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Detection NN O
of IN O
abnormal JJ O
cardiac JJ O
adrenergic JJ O
neuron NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
with IN O
iodine NN O
- HYPH O
125 CD O
- HYPH O
metaiodobenzylguanidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Radiolabeled VBN O
metaiodobenzylguanidine NN O
( , O
MIBG NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
analog NN O
of IN O
norepinephrine NN O
( , O
NE NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
serves VBZ O
as IN O
an DT O
index NN O
of IN O
adrenergic JJ O
neuron NN O
integrity NN O
and CC O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
a DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
tested VBD O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
abnormal JJ O
cardiac JJ O
adrenergic JJ O
neuron NN O
activity NN O
may MD O
appear VB O
and CC O
be VB O
exacerbated VBN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependently RB O
in IN O
adriamycin NN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
vacuolar JJ B-Disease
degeneration NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
myocardial JJ I-Disease
cells NNS I-Disease
was VBD O
analyzed VBN O
in IN O
relation NN O
to IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
treatment NN O
( : O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
once RB O
a DT O
week NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
abnormalities NNS O
or CC O
only RB O
isolated VBN O
degeneration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
or CC O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
wk NN O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
isolated VBN O
or CC O
scattered VBN O
degeneration NN O
in IN O
half NN O
of IN O
the DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
wk NN O
group NN O
, , O
frequent JJ O
scattered JJ O
degeneration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
wk NN O
group NN O
, , O
scattered VBN O
or CC O
focal JJ O
degeneration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
wk NN O
group NN O
, , O
and CC O
extensive JJ O
degeneration NN O
in IN O
the DT O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
wk NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myocardial JJ O
accumulation NN O
of IN O
[ -LRB- O
125I CD O
] -RRB- O
MIBG NN O
4 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
intravenous JJ O
injection NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
between IN O
the DT O
controls NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
groups NNS O
treated VBN O
3 CD O
wk NN O
or CC O
less JJR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
wk NN O
group NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
slightly RB O
lower JJR O
accumulation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
ventricular JJ O
wall NN O
( : O
82 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
control NN O
) , O
and CC O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
accumulation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
wall NN O
( : O
about RB O
66 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
control NN O
: : O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
wk NN O
group NN O
, , O
MIBG NN O
accumulation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
and CC O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
wall NN O
was VBD O
35 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
27 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
that DT O
in IN O
controls NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
wk NN O
group NN O
, , O
MIBG NN O
accumulation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
and CC O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
wall NN O
was VBD O
18 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
14 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
that DT O
in IN O
controls NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
MIBG NNP O
accumulation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
myocardium NN O
decreased VBD O
in IN O
an DT O
adriamycin NN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
appearance NN O
of IN O
impaired VBN O
cardiac JJ O
adrenergic JJ O
neuron NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
slight JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
( , O
scattered VBN O
or CC O
focal JJ O
vacuolar NN B-Disease
degeneration NN I-Disease
) , O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
MIBG NNP O
scintigraphy NN O
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
useful JJ O
method NN O
for IN O
detection NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Syncope NNP B-Disease
and CC O
QT NNP B-Disease
prolongation NN I-Disease
among IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
methadone NN O
for IN O
heroin NN O
dependence NN O
in IN O
the DT O
city NN O
of IN O
Copenhagen NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Methadone NN O
is VBZ O
prescribed VBN O
to IN O
heroin NN O
addicts NNS O
to TO O
decrease VB O
illicit JJ O
opioid NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolongation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
in IN O
the DT O
ECG NNP O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
torsade NN B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes FW I-Disease
( -LRB- O
TdP NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
methadone NN O
users NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
heroin NN O
addicts NNS O
sometimes RB O
faint VBP O
while IN O
using VBG O
illicit JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
doctors NNS O
might MD O
attribute VB O
too RB O
many JJ O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
syncope NN B-Disease
to IN O
illicit JJ O
drug NN O
use NN O
and CC O
thereby RB O
underestimate VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
TdP NNP B-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
special JJ O
population NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
high JJ O
mortality NN O
in IN O
this DT O
population NN O
may MD O
, , O
in IN O
part NN O
, , O
be VB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
proarrhythmic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
methadone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
this DT O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
sectional JJ O
study NN O
interview NN O
, , O
ECGs NNS O
and CC O
blood NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
collected VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
population NN O
of IN O
adult NN O
heroin NN O
addicts NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
methadone NN O
or CC O
buprenorphine NN O
on IN O
a DT O
daily JJ O
basis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
at IN O
the DT O
Drug NNP O
Addiction NNP O
Service NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
municipal NN O
of IN O
Copenhagen NNP O
, , O
450 CD O
( , O
approximately RB O
52 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
included VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
was VBD O
estimated VBN O
from IN O
12 CD O
lead NN O
ECGs NNPS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
participants NNS O
were VBD O
interviewed VBN O
about IN O
any DT O
experience NN O
of IN O
syncope NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
association NN O
between IN O
opioid JJ O
dose NN O
and CC O
QT NN O
, , O
and CC O
methadone NN O
dose NN O
and CC O
reporting NN O
of IN O
syncope NN B-Disease
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
using VBG O
multivariate JJ O
linear JJ O
regression NN O
and CC O
logistic JJ O
regression NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Methadone NN O
dose NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
longer JJR O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
140 CD O
ms NNS O
/ SYM O
mg CD O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
002 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
association NN O
between IN O
buprenorphine NN O
and CC O
QTc NNP O
was VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
the DT O
subjects NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
methadone NN O
, , O
28 CD O
% NN O
men NNS O
and CC O
32 CD O
% NN O
women NNS O
had VBD O
prolonged VBN B-Disease
QTc NNP I-Disease
interval NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
subjects NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
buprenorphine NN O
had VBD O
QTc NNP O
interval NN O
> : O
0 CD O
. . O
440 CD O
s NNS O
( , O
( -LRB- O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
50 CD O
mg NN O
higher JJR O
methadone NN O
dose NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
to TO O
1 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
) SYM O
times NNS O
higher JJR O
odds NNS O
for IN O
syncope NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Methadone NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
QT NNP B-Disease
prolongation NN I-Disease
and CC O
higher JJR O
reporting NN O
of IN O
syncope NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
population NN O
of IN O
heroin NN O
addicts NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroleptic JJ B-Disease
malignant JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
ziprasidone NN O
on IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroleptic JJ B-Disease
malignant JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( : O
NMS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
the DT O
rarest JJS O
and CC O
most RBS O
serious JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
movement NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
neuroleptic JJ B-Disease
malignant JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( , O
NMS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
ziprasidone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
conventional JJ O
neuroleptics NNS O
are VBP O
more RBR O
frequently RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
NMS NNP B-Disease
, , O
atypical JJ O
antipsychotic JJ O
drugs NNS O
like IN O
ziprasidone NN O
may MD O
also RB O
be VB O
a DT O
cause NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male NN O
with IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
signs NNS O
and CC O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
NMS NNP B-Disease
after IN O
2 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
an DT O
80 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
orally RB O
administrated VBN O
ziprasidone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
is VBZ O
the DT O
earliest JJS O
( , O
second JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
) , O
NMS NNP B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
ziprasidone NN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peripheral JJ O
iron NN O
dextran NN O
induced VBN O
degeneration NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
dopaminergic JJ I-Disease
neurons NNS I-Disease
in IN O
rat NN O
substantia NN O
nigra NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Iron NN O
accumulation NN O
is VBZ O
considered VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
demonstrate VB O
the DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
peripheral JJ O
iron NN O
overload NN O
and CC O
dopaminergic JJ O
neuron NN O
loss NN O
in IN O
rat NN O
substantia NN O
nigra NN O
( , O
SN NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
we PRP O
used VBD O
fast JJ O
cyclic JJ O
voltammetry NN O
, , O
tyrosine NN O
hydroxylase NN O
( , O
TH NN O
) , O
immunohistochemistry NN O
, , O
Perls NNP O
' POS O
iron NN O
staining NN O
, , O
and CC O
high JJ O
performance NN O
liquid NN O
chromatography NN O
- HYPH O
electrochemical JJ O
detection NN O
to TO O
study VB O
the DT O
degeneration NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
dopaminergic JJ I-Disease
neurons NNS I-Disease
and CC O
increased VBN O
iron NN O
content NN O
in IN O
the DT O
SN NNP O
of IN O
iron NN O
dextran NN O
overloaded VBN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
findings NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
peripheral JJ O
iron NN O
dextran NN O
overload RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
iron NN O
staining VBG O
positive JJ O
cells NNS O
and CC O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
TH NN O
- HYPH O
immunoreactive JJ O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
SN NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
a DT O
result NN O
, , O
dopamine NN O
release NN O
and CC O
content NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
its PRP$ O
metabolites NNS O
contents NNS O
were VBD O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
caudate NN O
putamen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Even RB O
more RBR O
dramatic JJ O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
chronic JJ O
overload NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
peripheral JJ O
iron NN O
dextran NN O
can MD O
increase VB O
the DT O
iron NN O
level NN O
in IN O
the DT O
SN NNP O
, , O
where WRB O
excessive JJ O
iron NN O
causes VBZ O
the DT O
degeneration NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
dopaminergic JJ I-Disease
neurons NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
chronic JJ O
iron NN O
overload NN O
may MD O
be VB O
more RBR O
destructive JJ O
to IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurons NNS O
than IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
iron NN O
overload NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Attenuated JJ O
disruption NN O
of IN O
prepulse JJ O
inhibition NN O
by IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
stimulation NN O
after IN O
maternal JJ O
deprivation NN O
and CC O
adolescent JJ O
corticosterone NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
development NN O
of IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
may MD O
include VB O
an DT O
early JJ O
neurodevelopmental JJ O
stress NN O
component NN O
which WDT O
increases VBZ O
vulnerability NN O
to IN O
later JJ O
stressful JJ O
life NN O
events NNS O
, , O
in IN O
combination NN O
leading VBG O
to IN O
overt JJ O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
an DT O
early JJ O
stress NN O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
form NN O
of IN O
maternal JJ O
deprivation NN O
, , O
combined VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
later JJ O
stress NN O
, , O
simulated VBN O
by IN O
chronic JJ O
periadolescent JJ O
corticosterone NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
on IN O
behaviour NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
apomorphine NN O
caused VBD O
disruption NN O
of IN O
prepulse JJ O
inhibition NN O
( , O
PPI NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
controls NNS O
and CC O
in IN O
rats NNS O
that WDT O
had VBD O
undergone VBN O
either CC O
maternal JJ O
deprivation NN O
or CC O
corticosterone NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
but CC O
was VBD O
surprisingly RB O
absent JJ O
in IN O
rats NNS O
that WDT O
had VBD O
undergone VBN O
the DT O
combined VBN O
early JJ O
and CC O
late JJ O
stress NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amphetamine NN O
treatment NN O
significantly RB O
disrupted VBD O
PPI NNP O
in IN O
both DT O
non NN O
- HYPH O
deprived VBN O
groups NNS O
, , O
but CC O
was VBD O
absent JJ O
in IN O
both CC O
maternally RB O
deprived VBN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
serotonin NN O
- HYPH O
1A NN O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
, , O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
OH NN O
- HYPH O
DPAT NNP O
, , O
induced VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
disruption NN O
of IN O
PPI NNP O
in IN O
all DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN B-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
was VBD O
similar JJ O
in IN O
all DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
show VBP O
an DT O
inhibitory JJ O
interaction NN O
of IN O
early JJ O
stress NN O
, , O
caused VBN O
by IN O
maternal JJ O
deprivation NN O
, , O
combined VBN O
with IN O
' `` O
adolescent JJ O
' '' O
stress NN O
, , O
simulated VBN O
by IN O
corticosterone NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
on IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
regulation NN O
of IN O
PPI NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
altered JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
apomorphine NN O
and CC O
amphetamine NN O
could MD O
indicate VB O
differential JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
dopamine NN O
receptor NN O
signalling NN O
leading VBG O
to IN O
functional JJ O
desensitisation NN O
, , O
or CC O
altered VBN O
modulation NN O
of IN O
sensory JJ O
gating NN O
in IN O
the DT O
nucleus NN O
accumbens VBZ O
by IN O
limbic JJ O
structures NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
extremely RB O
rare JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
delusional JJ B-Disease
parasitosis NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
chronic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
C NN I-Disease
patient NN O
during IN O
pegylated JJ O
interferon NN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2b NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
C NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
interferon NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
, , O
a DT O
lot NN O
of IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
percent NN O
to TO O
44 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
develop VBP O
depression NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
minority NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
evolve VBP O
to IN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
the DT O
best JJS O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
knowledge NN O
, , O
no DT O
cases NNS O
of IN O
psychogenic JJ B-Disease
parasitosis NN I-Disease
occurring VBG O
during IN O
interferon NN O
therapy NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
described VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
49 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
a DT O
delusional JJ B-Disease
parasitosis NN I-Disease
during IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
pegylated JJ O
interferon NN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2b NN O
weekly NN O
and CC O
ribavirin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
complained VBD O
of IN O
seeing VBG O
parasites NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
larvae NN O
of IN O
fleas NNS O
in IN O
her PRP$ O
stools NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
could MD O
not RB O
be VB O
confirmed VBN O
by IN O
any DT O
technical JJ O
examination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All PDT O
the DT O
complaints NNS O
disappeared VBD O
after IN O
stopping VBG O
pegylated JJ O
interferon NN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2b NN O
and CC O
reappeared VBD O
after IN O
restarting VBG O
it PRP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
had VBD O
a DT O
complete JJ O
sustained JJ O
viral JJ O
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatonecrosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
cholangitis NN B-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
phenobarbital JJ O
therapy NN O
: : O
an DT O
autopsy NN O
report NN O
of IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phenobarbital NNP O
( -LRB- O
PB NN O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
a DT O
reputation NN O
for IN O
safety NN O
, , O
and CC O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
commonly RB O
believed VBN O
that IN O
PB NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
serum NN O
aminotransferase NN O
levels NNS O
do VBP O
not RB O
indicate VB O
or CC O
predict VB O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
significant JJ O
chronic JJ O
liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
we PRP O
report VBP O
of IN O
two CD O
adult NN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
long JJ O
history NN O
of IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
PB NNP O
who WP O
died VBD O
suddenly RB O
: : O
one CD O
as IN O
consequence NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
, , O
the DT O
other JJ O
of IN O
acute JJ O
bronchopneumonia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
autopsy NN O
, , O
analysis NN O
of IN O
liver NN O
parenchyma NN O
revealed VBD O
rich JJ O
portal JJ O
inflammatory JJ O
infiltrate NN O
, , O
which WDT O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
mixed JJ O
eosinophil NN O
and CC O
monocyte NN O
cells NNS O
, , O
associated VBN O
with IN O
several JJ O
foci NN O
of IN O
necrosis NN B-Disease
surrounded VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
hard JJ O
ring NN O
of IN O
non NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
granulomatous JJ O
tissue NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Inflammatory JJ O
reactions NNS O
of IN O
internal JJ O
and CC O
external JJ O
hepatic JJ O
biliary NN O
ducts NNS O
were VBD O
also RB O
seen VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
findings NNS O
illustrate VBP O
that IN O
PB NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
liver NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
may MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
more RBR O
serious JJ O
and CC O
deleterious JJ O
consequences NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
this DT O
reason NN O
, , O
each DT O
clinician NN O
should MD O
recognize VB O
this DT O
entity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
differential JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
PB NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
asymptomatic JJ O
chronic JJ B-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
enzyme NN I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Delayed VBN O
leukoencephalopathy NN B-Disease
with IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
presentation NN O
in IN O
chemotherapy NN O
recipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
A DT O
transient JJ O
leukoencephalopathy NN B-Disease
mimicking VBG O
cerebrovascular JJ B-Disease
accident NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
described VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
complication NN O
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
, , O
most RBS O
commonly RB O
in IN O
recipients NNS O
of IN O
intrathecal JJ O
methotrexate NN O
for IN O
childhood NN O
leukaemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recently RB O
published VBN O
neuroimaging NN O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
a DT O
common JJ O
pathophysiology NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
variety NN O
of IN O
chemotherapy NN O
agents NNS O
and CC O
modes NNS O
of IN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
reviewed VBD O
the DT O
medical JJ O
literature NN O
for IN O
single JJ O
reports NNS O
and CC O
case NN O
series NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
presenting VBG O
with IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
episodes NNS O
while IN O
receiving VBG O
systemic JJ O
or CC O
intrathecal JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
only RB O
included VBD O
studies NNS O
providing VBG O
detailed JJ O
neuroimaging NN O
data NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
with IN O
cerebrovascular JJ B-Disease
accidents NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
excluded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
identified VBD O
27 CD O
reports NNS O
of IN O
toxic JJ O
leukoencephalopathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
methotrexate NN O
( , O
intrathecal JJ O
, , O
systemic JJ O
) -RRB- O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
derivative JJ O
carmofur NN O
, , O
and CC O
capecitabine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diffusion NN O
weighted VBN O
imaging NN O
( , O
DWI NNP O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
revealed VBD O
well RB O
demarcated VBN O
hyperintense JJ O
lesions NNS B-Disease
within IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
subcortical JJ I-Disease
white JJ I-Disease
matter NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
cerebral JJ O
hemispheres NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
corpus NN O
callosum NN O
, , O
corresponding VBG O
to IN O
areas NNS O
of IN O
decreased VBN O
proton NN O
diffusion NN O
on IN O
apparent JJ O
diffusion NN O
coefficient NN O
( -LRB- O
ADC NNP O
) -RRB- O
maps NNS O
( , O
available JJ O
in IN O
21 CD O
/ SYM O
27 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lesions NNS O
exceeded VBD O
the DT O
confines NNS O
of IN O
adjacent JJ O
vascular JJ O
territories NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Complete JJ O
resolution NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
within IN O
1 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
days NNS O
was VBD O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
normalisation NN O
of IN O
ADC NNP O
abnormalities NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
fluid JJ O
attenuated JJ O
inversion NN O
recovery NN O
( -LRB- O
FLAIR NNP O
) -RRB- O
sequences NNS O
frequently RB O
revealed VBD O
persistent JJ O
white JJ B-Disease
matter NN I-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Several JJ O
pathophysiological JJ O
models NNS O
of IN O
delayed VBN O
leukoencephalopathy NN B-Disease
after IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
intrathecal JJ O
or CC O
systemic JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
proposed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DWI NNP O
findings NNS O
in IN O
this DT O
cohort NN O
are VBP O
indicative JJ O
of IN O
cytotoxic JJ B-Disease
oedema NN I-Disease
within IN I-Disease
cerebral JJ I-Disease
white JJ I-Disease
matter NN I-Disease
and CC O
lend VBP O
support NN O
to IN O
an DT O
at IN O
least JJS O
partially RB O
reversible JJ O
metabolic JJ O
derangement NN O
as IN O
the DT O
basis NN O
for IN O
this DT O
syndrome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prenatal JJ O
exposure NN O
to IN O
fluoxetine NN O
induces VBZ O
fetal JJ B-Disease
pulmonary JJ I-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RATIONALE NN O
: : O
Fluoxetine NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
selective JJ O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
inhibitor NN O
antidepressant NN O
widely RB O
used VBN O
by IN O
pregnant JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epidemiological JJ O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
fluoxetine NN O
exposure NN O
prenatally RB O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
persistent JJ O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
newborn NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
this DT O
effect NN O
is VBZ O
unclear JJ O
and CC O
paradoxical JJ O
, , O
considering VBG O
the DT O
current JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
protective JJ O
fluoxetine NN O
effect NN O
in IN O
adult NN O
rodents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
fluoxetine NN O
effect NN O
on IN O
fetal JJ O
rat NN O
pulmonary JJ O
vascular NN O
smooth JJ O
muscle NN O
mechanical JJ O
properties NNS O
and CC O
cell NN O
proliferation NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Pregnant JJ O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
fluoxetine NN O
( : O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
Day NNP O
11 CD O
through IN O
Day NN O
21 CD O
of IN O
gestation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MEASUREMENTS NNS O
AND CC O
MAIN JJ O
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Fetuses NNS O
were VBD O
delivered VBN O
by IN O
cesarean JJ O
section NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
controls NNS O
, , O
fluoxetine NN O
exposure NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
fetal JJ B-Disease
pulmonary JJ I-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
as IN O
evidenced VBN O
by IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
weight NN O
ratio NN O
of IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
ventricle NN O
to IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
ventricle NN O
plus CC O
septum NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
by IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
pulmonary JJ O
arterial JJ O
medial JJ O
thickness NN O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postnatal JJ O
mortality NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
among IN O
experimental JJ O
animals NNS O
, , O
and CC O
arterial JJ O
oxygen NN O
saturation NN O
was VBD O
96 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
1 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
control NN O
animals NNS O
and CC O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
fluoxetine NN O
- HYPH O
exposed VBN O
pups NNS O
( : O
79 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vitro FW O
, , O
fluoxetine NN O
induced VBD O
pulmonary JJ O
arterial JJ O
muscle NN O
contraction NN O
in IN O
fetal JJ O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
adult NN O
, , O
animals NNS O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
reduced VBN O
serotonin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
contraction NN O
at IN O
both DT O
ages NNS O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
in IN O
utero NN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
fluoxetine NN O
concentration NN O
the DT O
pulmonary JJ O
arterial JJ O
smooth JJ O
muscle NN O
cell NN O
proliferation NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
in IN O
fetal JJ O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
adult NN O
, , O
cells NNS O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
the DT O
adult NN O
, , O
fluoxetine NN O
exposure NN O
in IN O
utero NN O
induces VBZ O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
fetal JJ O
rat NN O
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
a DT O
developmentally RB O
regulated VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
pulmonary JJ O
vascular JJ O
smooth JJ O
muscle NN O
proliferation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Disulfiram NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
transient JJ O
optic JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
peripheral JJ I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AIM NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
optic JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
peripheral JJ I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
after IN O
chronic JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
disulfiram NN O
for IN O
alcohol NN B-Disease
dependence NN I-Disease
management NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIALS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
57 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male NN O
presented VBN O
with IN O
gradual JJ O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
vision NN I-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
eyes NNS O
with IN O
intermittent JJ O
headaches NNS B-Disease
for IN O
2 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
also RB O
complained VBD O
of IN O
paraesthesia NN B-Disease
with IN O
numbness NN B-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
feet NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
His PRP$ O
vision NN O
was VBD O
6 CD O
/ SYM O
15 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
/ SYM O
60 CD O
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
and CC O
left JJ O
eyes NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fundoscopy NN O
revealed VBD O
bilaterally RB O
swollen VBN O
optic JJ O
nerve NN O
heads NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Visual JJ O
field NN O
testing NN O
confirmed VBD O
bilateral JJ O
central JJ O
- HYPH O
caecal JJ O
scotomata NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
taking VBG O
disulfiram NN O
for IN O
alcohol NN B-Disease
dependence NN I-Disease
for IN O
the DT O
preceding VBG O
3 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Disulfiram NNP O
discontinuation NN O
lead VBP O
to IN O
an DT O
immediate JJ O
symptomatic JJ O
improvement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Physicians NNS O
initiating VBG O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
disulfiram NN O
therapy NN O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
these DT O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
should MD O
recommend VB O
annual JJ O
ophthalmic JJ O
reviews NNS O
with IN O
visual JJ O
field NN O
testing NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
reassured VBN O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
the DT O
reversibility NN O
of IN O
these DT O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intraocular JJ O
pressure NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
uveitis NN B-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
fluocinolone NN O
acetonide NN O
implants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
report VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
management NN O
of IN O
elevated VBN B-Disease
intraocular JJ I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
( , O
IOP NNP O
) , O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
uveitis NNS B-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
fluocinolone NN O
acetonide NN O
( -LRB- O
FA NN O
) -RRB- O
intravitreal JJ O
implant NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
Pooled VBN O
data NNS O
from IN O
3 CD O
multicenter NN O
, , O
double RB O
- HYPH O
masked VBN O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
controlled VBN O
, , O
phase NN O
2b CD O
/ SYM O
3 CD O
clinical JJ O
trials NNS O
evaluating VBG O
the DT O
safety NN O
and CC O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
the DT O
0 CD O
. . O
59 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
or CC O
2 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
FA NN O
intravitreal JJ O
implant NN O
or CC O
standard JJ O
therapy NN O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
During IN O
the DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
, , O
71 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
implanted VBN O
eyes NNS O
had VBD O
an DT O
IOP NN O
increase NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
or CC O
more JJR O
than IN O
baseline NN O
and CC O
55 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
, , O
24 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
, , O
and CC O
6 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
eyes NNS O
reached VBD O
an DT O
IOP NN O
of IN O
30 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
, , O
40 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
or CC O
more JJR O
, , O
and CC O
50 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
or CC O
more JJR O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Topical JJ O
IOP NN O
- HYPH O
lowering VBG O
medication NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
in IN O
74 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
implanted VBN O
eyes NNS O
, , O
and CC O
IOP NN O
- HYPH O
lowering VBG O
surgeries NNS O
, , O
most JJS O
of IN O
which WDT O
were VBD O
trabeculectomies NNS O
( , O
76 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
on IN O
36 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
implanted VBN O
eyes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intraocular JJ O
pressure NN O
- HYPH O
lowering VBG O
surgeries NNS O
were VBD O
considered VBN O
a DT O
success NN O
( , O
postoperative JJ O
IOP NN O
of IN O
6 CD O
- SYM O
21 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NNP O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
additional JJ O
IOP NN O
- HYPH O
lowering VBG O
medication NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
85 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
eyes NNS O
at IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
hypotony NN B-Disease
( : O
IOP NNP O
< NN O
/ SYM O
= SYM O
5 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
) -RRB- O
following VBG O
IOP NNP O
- HYPH O
lowering VBG O
surgery NN O
( : O
42 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
not RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
that DT O
of IN O
implanted VBN O
eyes NNS O
not RB O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
surgery NN O
( : O
35 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
. . O
09 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Elevated VBN O
IOP NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
significant JJ O
complication NN O
with IN O
the DT O
FA NNP O
intravitreal JJ O
implant NN O
but CC O
may MD O
be VB O
controlled VBN O
with IN O
medication NN O
and CC O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myocardial JJ O
Fas NNP O
ligand NN O
expression NN O
increases VBZ O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
AZT NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Dilated VBN B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
( , O
DCM NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
and CC O
myocarditis NN B-Disease
occur VBP O
in IN O
many JJ O
HIV NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
infected VBN I-Disease
individuals NNS O
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
symptomatic JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
up IN O
to TO O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Highly RB O
active JJ O
antiretroviral JJ O
therapy NN O
( -LRB- O
HAART NNP O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
morbidity NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
of IN O
acquired VBN B-Disease
immunodeficiency NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( , O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
has VBZ O
resulted VBN O
in IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
skeletal JJ I-Disease
myopathies NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
AND CC O
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
order NN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
whether IN O
the DT O
HAART NNP O
component NN O
zidovudine NN O
( -LRB- O
3 CD O
' '' O
- HYPH O
azido NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
' '' O
, , O
3 CD O
' '' O
- HYPH O
deoxythymidine NN O
; : O
AZT NNP O
) -RRB- O
triggers VBZ O
the DT O
Fas NNP O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
cell NN O
- HYPH O
death NN O
pathway NN O
and CC O
cause VB O
cytoskeletal JJ O
disruption NN O
in IN O
a DT O
murine NN O
model NN O
of IN O
DCM NNP B-Disease
, , O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
transgenic JJ O
( , O
expressing VBG O
Fas NNP O
ligand NN O
in IN O
the DT O
myocardium NN O
: : O
FasL NNP O
Tg NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
transgenic JJ O
( , O
NTg NNP O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
received VBD O
water NN O
ad NN O
libitum NN O
containing VBG O
different JJ O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
AZT NNP O
( : O
0 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
07 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
, , O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
cardiac JJ O
function NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
echocardiography NN O
and CC O
morphology NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
histopathologic JJ O
and CC O
immunohistochemical JJ O
methods NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NTg NNP O
and CC O
untreated JJ O
FasL NNP O
Tg NNP O
mice NNS O
showed VBD O
little JJ O
or CC O
no DT O
change NN O
in IN O
cardiac JJ O
structure NN O
or CC O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
AZT NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
FasL NNP O
Tg NNP O
mice NN O
developed VBD O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dilation NN I-Disease
and CC O
depressed JJ O
cardiac JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
, , O
with IN O
concomitant JJ O
inflammatory JJ O
infiltration NN O
of IN O
both DT O
ventricles NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
sarcolemmal JJ O
expression NN O
of IN O
Fas NNP O
and CC O
FasL NNP O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
increased VBN O
activation NN O
of IN O
caspase NN O
3 CD O
, , O
translocation NN O
of IN O
calpain NN O
1 CD O
to IN O
the DT O
sarcolemma NN O
and CC O
sarcomere NN O
, , O
and CC O
increased VBN O
numbers NNS O
of IN O
cells NNS O
undergoing VBG O
apoptosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
were VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
dystrophin NN O
and CC O
cardiac JJ O
troponin NN O
I PRP O
localization NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
loss NN O
of IN O
sarcolemmal JJ O
integrity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
Fas NNP O
ligand NN O
in IN O
the DT O
myocardium NN O
, , O
as IN O
identified VBN O
in IN O
HIV NNP O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
might MD O
increase VB O
the DT O
susceptibility NN O
to IN O
HAART NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
activation NN O
of IN O
apoptotic JJ O
pathways NNS O
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dilation NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gastrointestinal JJ O
tolerability NN O
of IN O
etoricoxib NN O
in IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
: : O
results NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
etoricoxib NN O
vs IN O
diclofenac NN O
sodium NN O
gastrointestinal JJ O
tolerability NN O
and CC O
effectiveness NN O
trial NN O
( -LRB- O
EDGE NNP O
- HYPH O
II NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
A DT O
randomised JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
study NN O
to TO O
compare VB O
the DT O
gastrointestinal JJ O
( , O
GI NN O
) , O
tolerability NN O
, , O
safety NN O
and CC O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
etoricoxib NN O
and CC O
diclofenac NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
( , O
RA NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
4086 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
mean VBP O
age NN O
60 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
years NNS O
) , O
diagnosed VBN O
with IN O
RA NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
enrolled VBN O
and CC O
received VBD O
etoricoxib NN O
90 CD O
mg NN O
daily JJ O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
2032 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
diclofenac NN O
75 CD O
mg CD O
twice RB O
daily JJ O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
2054 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Use NN O
of IN O
gastroprotective JJ O
agents NNS O
and CC O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
aspirin NN O
was VBD O
allowed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
prespecified JJ O
primary JJ O
end NN O
point NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
the DT O
cumulative JJ O
rate NN O
of IN O
patient NN O
discontinuations NNS O
due IN O
to IN O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
laboratory JJ O
GI NN O
adverse JJ O
experiences NNS O
( -LRB- O
AEs NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
General JJ O
safety NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
assessed VBN O
, , O
including VBG O
adjudicated VBN O
thrombotic JJ B-Disease
cardiovascular JJ I-Disease
event NN O
data NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Efficacy NN O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
using VBG O
the DT O
Patient NNP O
Global NNP O
Assessment NNP O
of IN O
Disease NNP O
Status NNP O
( , O
PGADS NNP O
; : O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
point NN O
scale NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Mean JJ O
( : O
SD NN O
; : O
maximum NN O
) -RRB- O
duration NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
19 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
; : O
32 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
19 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
; : O
33 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
months NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
etoricoxib NN O
and CC O
diclofenac NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cumulative JJ O
discontinuation NN O
rate NN O
due IN O
to IN O
GI NNP B-Disease
AEs NNS I-Disease
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
with IN O
etoricoxib NN O
than IN O
diclofenac NN O
( : O
5 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
vs IN O
8 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
events NNS O
per IN O
100 CD O
patient NN O
- HYPH O
years NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
; : O
hazard NN O
ratio NN O
0 CD O
. . O
62 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
: : O
0 CD O
. . O
47 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
81 CD O
; : O
p NN O
< : O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
discontinuations NNS O
for IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
related VBN O
and CC O
oedema NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
related VBN O
AEs NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
with IN O
etoricoxib NN O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
respectively RB O
) , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
diclofenac NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
respectively RB O
; : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
for IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
and CC O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
for IN O
oedema NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Etoricoxib NN O
and CC O
diclofenac NN O
treatment NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
similar JJ O
efficacy NN O
( , O
PGADS NNP O
mean JJ O
changes NNS O
from IN O
baseline NN O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
62 CD O
vs IN O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
58 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Etoricoxib NNP O
90 CD O
mg NN O
demonstrated VBD O
a DT O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
risk NN O
for IN O
discontinuing VBG O
treatment NN O
due IN O
to IN O
GI NNP B-Disease
AEs NNS I-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
diclofenac NN O
150 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Discontinuations NNS O
from IN O
renovascular JJ O
AEs NNS O
, , O
although IN O
less RBR O
common JJ O
than IN O
discontinuations NNS O
from IN O
GI NNP B-Disease
AEs NNS I-Disease
, , O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
with IN O
etoricoxib NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anxiogenic JJ O
potential NN O
of IN O
ciprofloxacin NN O
and CC O
norfloxacin NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTRODUCTION NN O
: : O
The DT O
possible JJ O
anxiogenic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
fluoroquinolones NNS O
, , O
namely RB O
ciprofloxacin NN O
and CC O
norfloxacin NN O
, , O
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
adult NN O
Charles NNP O
Foster NNP O
albino JJ O
rats NNS O
of IN O
either DT O
sex NN O
, , O
weighing VBG O
150 CD O
- SYM O
200 CD O
g NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
drugs NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
orally RB O
, , O
in IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
50 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
for IN O
five CD O
consecutive JJ O
days NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
experiments NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
fifth JJ O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
tests NNS O
included VBD O
open JJ O
- HYPH O
field NN O
exploratory JJ O
behaviour NN O
, , O
elevated VBN O
plus CC O
maze NN O
and CC O
elevated VBN O
zero CD O
maze NN O
, , O
social JJ O
interaction NN O
and CC O
novelty NN O
- HYPH O
suppressed VBN O
feeding NN O
latency NN O
behaviour NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
ciprofloxacin NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
norfloxacin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
showed VBD O
anxious JJ B-Disease
behaviour NN I-Disease
in IN O
comparison NN O
to IN O
control NN O
rats NNS O
in IN O
all PDT O
the DT O
parameters NNS O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
ciprofloxacin NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
norfloxacin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
significantly RB O
from IN O
each DT O
other JJ O
in IN O
various JJ O
behavioural JJ O
parameters NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
present JJ O
experimental JJ O
findings NNS O
substantiate VBP O
the DT O
clinically RB O
observed VBN O
anxiogenic JJ O
potential NN O
of IN O
ciprofloxacin NN O
and CC O
norfloxacin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reduction NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
during IN O
induction NN O
with IN O
target NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
propofol NN O
and CC O
remifentanil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Pain NN B-Disease
on IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
propofol NN O
is VBZ O
unpleasant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
hypothesized VBD O
that IN O
propofol NN O
infusion NN O
pain NN B-Disease
might MD O
be VB O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
infusing VBG O
remifentanil NN O
before IN O
starting VBG O
the DT O
propofol NN O
infusion NN O
in IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
setting NN O
where WRB O
target NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
infusions NNS O
( -LRB- O
TCI NNP O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
both DT O
drugs NNS O
were VBD O
used VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
prospective JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
- HYPH O
site NN O
concentration NN O
( , O
Ce NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
remifentanil NN O
to TO O
prevent VB O
the DT O
pain NN B-Disease
without IN O
producing VBG O
complications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
128 CD O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
general JJ O
surgery NN O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
allocated VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
( HYPH O
control NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
remifentanil NN O
to IN O
a DT O
target NN O
Ce NNP O
of IN O
2 CD O
ng CD O
ml CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
( , O
R2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
4 CD O
ng NN O
ml CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) SYM O
( SYM O
R4 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
6 CD O
ng CD O
ml CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) SYM O
( SYM O
R6 CD O
) -RRB- O
administered VBN O
via IN O
TCI NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
the DT O
target NN O
Ce NNP O
was VBD O
achieved VBN O
, , O
the DT O
infusion NN O
of IN O
propofol NN O
was VBD O
started VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Remifentanil NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
complications NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
remifentanil JJ O
infusion NN O
, , O
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
propofol NN O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
four CD O
- HYPH O
point NN O
scale NN O
during IN O
the DT O
propofol NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
in IN O
Groups NNPS O
R4 NNP O
and CC O
R6 NNP O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
and CC O
R2 NN O
groups NNS O
( SYM O
12 CD O
/ SYM O
32 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
/ SYM O
31 CD O
vs IN O
26 CD O
/ SYM O
31 CD O
and CC O
25 CD O
/ SYM O
32 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
was VBD O
less RBR O
severe JJ O
in IN O
Groups NNPS O
R4 NNP O
and CC O
R6 NNP O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
and CC O
R2 NN O
groups NNS O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
both CC O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
were VBD O
not RB O
different JJ O
between IN O
Groups NNPS O
R4 NNP O
and CC O
R6 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
complications NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
During IN O
induction NN O
of IN O
anaesthesia NN O
with IN O
TCI NNP O
of IN O
propofol NN O
and CC O
remifentanil NN O
, , O
a DT O
significant JJ O
reduction NN O
in IN O
propofol NN O
infusion NN O
pain NN B-Disease
was VBD O
achieved VBN O
without IN O
significant JJ O
complications NNS O
by IN O
prior JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
remifentanil NN O
at IN O
a DT O
target NN O
Ce NN O
of IN O
4 CD O
ng CD O
ml CD O
( HYPH O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexmedetomidine NN O
and CC O
cardiac JJ O
protection NN O
for IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
cardiac JJ O
surgery NN O
: : O
a DT O
meta JJ O
- HYPH O
analysis NN O
of IN O
randomised VBN O
controlled VBN O
trials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conducted VBD O
a DT O
systematic JJ O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
on IN O
cardiac JJ O
outcomes NNS O
following VBG O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
cardiac JJ O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
included VBD O
prospective JJ O
, , O
randomised JJ O
peri NN O
- HYPH O
operative JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
that WDT O
reported VBD O
mortality NN O
, , O
cardiac JJ O
morbidity NN O
or CC O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
events NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
PubMed NNP O
Central NNP O
and CC O
EMBASE NNP O
search NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
up IN O
to IN O
July NNP O
2007 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
reference NN O
lists NNS O
of IN O
identified VBN O
papers NNS O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
for IN O
further JJ O
trials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
425 CD O
studies NNS O
identified VBN O
, , O
20 CD O
were VBD O
included VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
meta NN O
- HYPH O
analysis NN O
( , O
840 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexmedetomidine NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
trend NN O
towards IN O
improved VBN O
cardiac JJ O
outcomes NNS O
; : O
all DT O
- HYPH O
cause NN O
mortality NN O
( , O
OR CC O
0 CD O
. . O
27 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
- SYM O
7 CD O
. . O
13 CD O
, , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
44 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
fatal JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
( , O
OR CC O
0 CD O
. . O
26 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
. . O
04 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
60 CD O
, , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
14 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischaemia NN I-Disease
( , O
OR CC O
0 CD O
. . O
65 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
0 CD O
. . O
26 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
63 CD O
, , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
36 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peri NNP O
- HYPH O
operative JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
( : O
26 CD O
% NN O
, , O
OR CC O
3 CD O
. . O
80 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
91 CD O
- SYM O
7 CD O
. . O
54 CD O
, , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
( : O
17 CD O
% NN O
, , O
OR CC O
5 CD O
. . O
45 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
2 CD O
. . O
98 CD O
- SYM O
9 CD O
. . O
95 CD O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
00001 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
anticholinergic JJ O
did VBD O
not RB O
reduce VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
43 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
randomised VBN O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
of IN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
is VBZ O
warranted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
in IN O
pregnancy NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
clomiphene NN O
citrate NN O
for IN O
ovulation NN O
induction NN O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Clomiphene NN O
citrate NN O
( -LRB- O
CC NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
commonly RB O
prescribed VBN O
for IN O
ovulation NN O
induction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
considered VBN O
safe JJ O
, , O
with IN O
minimal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thromboembolism NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
but CC O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
complication NN O
that WDT O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
after IN O
ovulation NN O
induction NN O
with IN O
CC NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Spontaneous JJ O
coronary JJ B-Disease
thrombosis NN I-Disease
or CC O
thromboembolism NN B-Disease
with IN O
subsequent JJ O
clot NN O
lysis NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
suggested VBN O
as IN O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
causes NNS O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
( , O
MI NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
subsequently RB O
normal JJ O
coronary JJ O
angiogram NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
: : O
A DT O
33 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
a DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
gestation NN O
had VBD O
recently RB O
received VBN O
CC NNP O
for IN O
ovulation NN O
induction NN O
and CC O
presented VBN O
with IN O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
electrocardiogram NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
lateral JJ O
and CC O
anterior JJ O
wall NN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ O
enzymes NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
peak NN O
rise NN O
in IN O
troponin NN O
I CD O
to IN O
9 CD O
. . O
10 CD O
ng CD O
/ SYM O
mL NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
initial JJ O
exercise NN O
stress NN O
test NN O
was VBD O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
admission NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
at IN O
high JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
radiation NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
to IN O
the DT O
fetus NN O
, , O
so IN O
a DT O
coronary JJ O
angiogram NN O
was VBD O
postponed VBN O
until IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
trimester NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
showed VBD O
normal JJ O
coronary JJ O
vessels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
the DT O
first JJ O
reported VBN O
case NN O
documenting VBG O
a DT O
possible JJ O
association NN O
between IN O
CC NN O
and CC O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thrombosis NN B-Disease
might MD O
be VB O
a DT O
rare JJ O
but CC O
hazardous JJ O
complication NN O
of IN O
CC NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Given VBN O
this DT O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
complication NN O
, , O
appropriate JJ O
prophylactic JJ O
measures NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
in IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
woman NN O
undergoing VBG O
ovarian JJ O
stimulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reverse VB O
or CC O
inverted VBD O
left JJ B-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
apical JJ I-Disease
ballooning NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( , O
reverse JJ O
Takotsubo NNP B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
a DT O
young JJ O
woman NN O
in IN O
the DT O
setting NN O
of IN O
amphetamine NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Transient NN O
left JJ B-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
apical JJ I-Disease
ballooning NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
was VBD O
first RB O
described VBN O
in IN O
Japan NNP O
as IN O
"""" `` O
Takotsubo NNP B-Disease
cardiomyopathy NN I-Disease
. , O
"""" '' O
This DT O
syndrome NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
identified VBN O
in IN O
many JJ O
other JJ O
countries NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Many JJ O
variations NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
syndrome NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
recently RB O
described VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
of IN O
the DT O
rarest JJS O
is VBZ O
the DT O
reverse JJ O
type NN O
of IN O
this DT O
syndrome NN O
, , O
with IN O
hyperdynamic JJ O
apex NN O
and CC O
complete JJ O
akinesia NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
base NN O
( , O
as IN O
opposed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
classic JJ O
apical JJ B-Disease
ballooning NN I-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
article NN O
, , O
we PRP O
report VBP O
an DT O
interesting JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
young JJ O
woman NN O
who WP O
presented VBD O
with IN O
this DT O
rare JJ O
type NN O
of IN O
reverse JJ O
apical JJ B-Disease
ballooning NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
occurring VBG O
after IN O
amphetamine NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
report NN O
is VBZ O
followed VBN O
by IN O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Results NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
comparative JJ O
, , O
phase NN O
III NNP O
, , O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
, , O
multicenter JJ O
, , O
prospective JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
assessment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
tolerability NN O
of IN O
a DT O
fixed VBN O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
combination NN O
of IN O
telmisartan NN O
and CC O
amlodipine NN O
versus IN O
amlodipine NN O
monotherapy NN O
in IN O
Indian JJ O
adults NNS O
with IN O
stage NN O
II NN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
tolerability NN O
of IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
fixed VBN O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
combination NN O
( -LRB- O
FDC NNP O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
telmisartan NN O
40 CD O
mg NN O
+ CC O
amlodipine NN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
( , O
T NN O
+ CC O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
compared VBN O
with IN O
amlodipine NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
monotherapy NN O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
adult NN O
Indian JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
stage NN O
II NN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
comparative JJ O
, , O
Phase NNP O
III NNP O
, , O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
, , O
multicenter NN O
, , O
prospective JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
in IN O
Indian JJ O
patients NNS O
aged JJ O
18 CD O
to TO O
65 CD O
years NNS O
with IN O
established VBN O
stage NN O
II NN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
oral JJ O
FDC NNP O
of IN O
T NN O
+ CC O
A NN O
or CC O
A NN O
QD NN O
before IN O
breakfast NN O
for IN O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
; : O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
( : O
BP NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
heart NN O
rate NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
sitting NN O
position NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Primary JJ O
efficacy NN O
end NN O
points NNS O
were VBD O
reduction NN O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
systolic JJ O
BP NNP O
( -LRB- O
SBP NNP O
) -RRB- O
/ SYM O
diastolic JJ O
BP NN O
( : O
DBP NNP O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
baseline NN O
to TO O
study VB O
end NN O
and CC O
number NN O
of IN O
responders NNS O
( , O
ie IN O
, , O
patients NNS O
who WP O
achieved VBD O
target NN O
SBP NNP O
/ SYM O
DBP NNP O
< $ O
130 CD O
/ SYM O
< SYM O
80 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
end NN O
of IN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tolerability NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
treatment NN O
- HYPH O
emergent JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
, , O
identified VBN O
using VBG O
physical JJ O
examination NN O
, , O
laboratory NN O
analysis NN O
, , O
and CC O
electrocardiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
210 CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
enrolled VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
; : O
203 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
143 CD O
men NNS O
, , O
60 CD O
women NNS O
) , O
completed VBD O
the DT O
study NN O
while IN O
7 CD O
were VBD O
lost VBN O
to TO O
follow VB O
- HYPH O
up NN O
( HYPH O
4 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
T NNP O
+ SYM O
A NN O
group NN O
and CC O
3 CD O
in IN O
the DT O
A NN O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
considered VBN O
with IN O
- HYPH O
drawn VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
study NN O
end NN O
, , O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
percentage NN O
reductions NNS O
from IN O
baseline NN O
within IN O
groups NNS O
and CC O
between IN O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
SBP NNP O
( : O
T NN O
+ SYM O
A NNP O
[ -LRB- O
- SYM O
27 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
] -RRB- O
; : O
A NN O
[ -LRB- O
- SYM O
16 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
DBP NNP O
( : O
T NN O
+ SYM O
A NN O
[ -LRB- O
- SYM O
20 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
] -RRB- O
; : O
A NN O
[ -LRB- O
- SYM O
13 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
( , O
all DT O
, , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Response NN O
rates NNS O
were VBD O
87 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
( : O
89 CD O
/ SYM O
102 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
T NN O
+ CC O
A NN O
group NN O
and CC O
69 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
( : O
70 CD O
/ SYM O
101 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
A NN O
group NN O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
prevalences NNS O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
different JJ O
between IN O
the DT O
2 CD O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
( , O
T NNP O
+ SYM O
A NNP O
, , O
16 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
[ -LRB- O
17 CD O
/ SYM O
106 CD O
] -RRB- O
; : O
A NN O
, , O
15 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
[ -LRB- O
16 CD O
/ SYM O
104 CD O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peripheral JJ O
edema NN B-Disease
was VBD O
reported VBN O
in IN O
8 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
patients NNS O
( , O
9 CD O
/ SYM O
106 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
T NN O
+ SYM O
A NN O
group NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
13 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
( , O
14 CD O
/ SYM O
104 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
A NN O
group NN O
, , O
and CC O
cough NN B-Disease
was VBD O
reported VBN O
in IN O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
patients NNS O
( , O
4 CD O
/ SYM O
106 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
T NN O
+ SYM O
A NN O
group NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
( , O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
104 CD O
) -RRB- O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
A NN O
group NN O
; : O
these DT O
differences NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
reach VB O
statistical JJ O
significance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidences NNS O
of IN O
headache NN B-Disease
, , O
dizziness NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
diarrhea NN B-Disease
were VBD O
similar JJ O
between IN O
the DT O
2 CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Among IN O
these DT O
Indian JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
stage NN O
II NN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
FDC NNP O
of IN O
T NNP O
+ SYM O
A NNP O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
significantly RB O
more RBR O
effective JJ O
, , O
with IN O
regard NN O
to IN O
BP NNP O
reductions NNS O
, , O
than IN O
A NN O
, , O
and CC O
both DT O
treatments NNS O
were VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased VBN O
mental JJ B-Disease
slowing NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
APOE NNP O
epsilon4 NN O
allele NN O
after IN O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
oral JJ O
anticholinergic JJ O
challenge NN O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
elderly JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
The DT O
objectives NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
were VBD O
to TO O
examine VB O
the DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
APOE NNP O
epsilon4 NN O
and CC O
subjective JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
on IN O
measures NNS O
reflecting VBG O
sedation NN O
and CC O
confusion NN B-Disease
and CC O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
subjective JJ O
effects NNS O
and CC O
objective JJ O
memory NN O
performance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
study NN O
comprised VBD O
24 CD O
cognitively RB O
intact JJ O
, , O
health NN O
elderly JJ O
adults NNS O
( , O
12 CD O
APOE NNP O
epsilon4 NN O
carriers NNS O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
an DT O
outpatient JJ O
geriatric JJ O
psychiatry NN O
research NN O
clinic NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
a DT O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
blind JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
, , O
three CD O
- HYPH O
way NN O
, , O
crossover NN O
experimental JJ O
design NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
participants NNS O
received VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
or CC O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
or CC O
placebo NN O
administered VBN O
in IN O
counterbalanced JJ O
sequences NNS O
over IN O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
three CD O
consecutive JJ O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bond NN O
and CC O
Lader NNP O
' POS O
s POS O
visual JJ O
analog NN O
scales NNS O
and CC O
alternate JJ O
versions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
Buschke NNP O
Selective NNP O
Reminding NNP O
Test NNP O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
repeated VBN O
measures NNS O
design NN O
at IN O
baseline NN O
, , O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
and CC O
5 CD O
hours NNS O
postdrug NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
oral JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
increased VBN O
subjective JJ O
ratings NNS O
of IN O
mental JJ B-Disease
slowness NN I-Disease
in IN O
carriers NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
APOE NNP O
epsilon4 NN O
allele NN O
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drug NN O
effects NNS O
as IN O
determined VBN O
by IN O
difference NN O
scores NNS O
between IN O
2 CD O
. , O
0 CD O
mg NN O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
on IN O
ratings NNS O
of IN O
mental JJ B-Disease
slowness NN I-Disease
significantly RB O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
total JJ O
and CC O
delayed JJ O
recall NN O
on IN O
the DT O
Buschke NNP O
Selective NNP O
Reminding NNP O
Test NNP O
in IN O
carriers NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
APOE NNP O
epsilon4 NN O
allele NN O
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
no DT O
significant JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
with IN O
other JJ O
visual JJ O
analog NN O
scales NNS O
reflecting VBG O
subjective JJ O
sedation NN O
and CC O
clear JJ O
- HYPH O
headedness NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
epsilon4 NN O
allele NN O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
elderly JJ O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
increased VBN O
subjective JJ O
mental JJ B-Disease
slowing NN I-Disease
after IN O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
anticholinergic JJ O
challenge NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
amikacin NN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
hematology NN O
/ SYM O
oncology NN O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amikacin NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
aminoglycoside NN O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
to TO O
provide VB O
empirical JJ O
double JJ O
gram NN O
- HYPH O
negative JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
febrile JJ B-Disease
neutropenia NN I-Disease
and CC O
other JJ O
suspected VBN O
infections NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Strategies NNS O
of IN O
extended VBN O
- HYPH O
interval JJ O
and CC O
conventional JJ O
dosing NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
utilized VBN O
extensively RB O
in IN O
the DT O
general JJ O
medical JJ O
population NN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
data NNS O
are VBP O
lacking VBG O
to TO O
support VB O
a DT O
dosing VBG O
strategy NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hematology NN O
/ SYM O
oncology NN O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
evaluate VB O
amikacin NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
an DT O
adult NN O
hematology NN O
/ SYM O
oncology NN O
population NN O
, , O
a DT O
prospective JJ O
, , O
randomized VBN O
, , O
open JJ O
- HYPH O
label NN O
trial NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
at IN O
a DT O
university NN O
- HYPH O
affiliated VBN O
medical JJ O
center NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
diagnosis NN O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
a DT O
hematologic JJ B-Disease
/ SYM I-Disease
oncologic JJ I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
that WDT O
required VBD O
treatment NN O
with IN O
an DT O
aminoglycoside NN O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
to IN O
either CC O
conventional JJ O
or CC O
extended VBN O
- HYPH O
interval NN O
amikacin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
by IN O
means NNS O
of IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
and CC O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
efficacy NN O
via IN O
amikacin NN O
serum NN O
concentrations NNS O
with IN O
respective JJ O
pathogens NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
similar JJ O
between IN O
the DT O
conventional JJ O
and CC O
extended JJ O
- HYPH O
interval NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
at IN O
10 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
5 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
00 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
conventional JJ O
group NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
positive JJ O
culture NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
none NN O
in IN O
the DT O
extended JJ O
- HYPH O
interval NN O
group NN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
002 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
similar JJ O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
dosing VBG O
regimens NNS O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
distribution NN O
of IN O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
was VBD O
variable JJ O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Efficacy NN O
could MD O
not RB O
be VB O
assessed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
dose NN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
as IN O
the DT O
sole JJ O
sedative NN O
for IN O
pediatric JJ O
MRI NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
This DT O
large JJ O
- HYPH O
scale NN O
retrospective JJ O
review NN O
evaluates VBZ O
the DT O
sedation NN O
profile NN O
of IN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AIM NN O
: : O
To TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
hemodynamic JJ O
responses NNS O
, , O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
dose NN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
as IN O
the DT O
sole JJ O
sedative NN O
for IN O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
( -LRB- O
MRI NNP O
) -RRB- O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Dexmedetomidine NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
used VBN O
at IN O
our PRP$ O
institution NN O
since IN O
2005 CD O
to TO O
provide VB O
sedation NN O
for IN O
pediatric JJ O
radiological JJ O
imaging NN O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Over IN O
time NN O
, , O
an DT O
effective JJ O
protocol NN O
utilizing VBG O
high JJ O
dose NN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
as IN O
the DT O
sole JJ O
sedative JJ O
agent NN O
has VBZ O
evolved VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
/ SYM O
MATERIALS NNS O
: : O
As IN O
part NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ongoing JJ O
Quality NNP O
Assurance NNP O
process NN O
, , O
data NNS O
on IN O
all DT O
sedations NNS O
are VBP O
reviewed VBN O
monthly RB O
and CC O
protocols NNS O
modified VBN O
as IN O
needed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
from IN O
all DT O
747 CD O
consecutive JJ O
patients NNS O
who WP O
received VBD O
dexmedetomidine NN O
for IN O
MRI NNP O
sedation NN O
from IN O
April NNP O
2005 CD O
to IN O
April NNP O
2007 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Since IN O
2005 CD O
, , O
the DT O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
min NN O
loading NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
dexmedetomidine NN O
protocol NN O
increased VBD O
from IN O
2 CD O
to IN O
3 CD O
microg NN O
. . O
kg NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
infusion NN O
rate NN O
increased VBD O
from IN O
1 CD O
to IN O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
to IN O
2 CD O
microg NN O
. . O
kg NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) NFP O
. . O
h NN O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
current JJ O
sedation NN O
protocol NN O
progressively RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
successful JJ O
sedation NN O
( , O
able JJ O
to TO O
complete VB O
the DT O
imaging NN O
study NN O
) , O
when WRB O
using VBG O
dexmedetomidine NN O
alone RB O
from IN O
91 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
97 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
009 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
reducing VBG O
the DT O
requirement NN O
for IN O
adjuvant JJ O
pentobarbital NN O
in IN O
the DT O
event NN O
of IN O
sedation NN O
failure NN O
with IN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
alone RB O
and CC O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
mean JJ O
recovery NN O
time NN O
by IN O
10 CD O
min NN O
( HYPH O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
sedation NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
16 CD O
% NN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
all DT O
concomitant JJ O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressures NNS O
were VBD O
within IN O
20 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
age NN O
- HYPH O
adjusted VBN O
normal JJ O
range NN O
and CC O
oxygen NN O
saturations NNS O
were VBD O
95 CD O
% NN O
or CC O
higher JJR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Dexmedetomidine NN O
in IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
provides VBZ O
adequate JJ O
sedation NN O
for IN O
pediatric JJ O
MRI NNP O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
use NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
dose NN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
outside IN O
the DT O
established VBN O
' `` O
awake JJ O
' '' O
norms NNS O
, , O
this DT O
deviation NN O
is VBZ O
generally RB O
within IN O
20 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
norms NNS O
, , O
and CC O
is VBZ O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
adverse JJ O
sequelae NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexmedetomidine NN O
is VBZ O
useful JJ O
as IN O
the DT O
sole JJ O
sedative NN O
for IN O
pediatric JJ O
MRI NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
sulfasalazine NN O
in IN O
inflammatory JJ O
arthritis NN B-Disease
: : O
A DT O
case NN O
series NN O
from IN O
a DT O
local JJ O
surveillance NN O
of IN O
serious JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Spontaneous JJ O
reporting NN O
systems NNS O
for IN O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reactions NNS O
( -LRB- O
ADRs NNS O
) -RRB- O
are VBP O
handicapped VBN O
by IN O
under IN O
- HYPH O
reporting NN O
and CC O
limited JJ O
detail NN O
on IN O
individual JJ O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
an DT O
investigation NN O
from IN O
a DT O
local JJ O
surveillance NN O
for IN O
serious JJ O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reactions NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
disease NN O
modifying VBG O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
rheumatic JJ O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
was VBD O
triggered VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
liver NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
two CD O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Serious JJ O
ADR NNP O
reports NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
solicited VBN O
from IN O
local JJ O
clinicians NNS O
by IN O
regular JJ O
postcards NNS O
over IN O
the DT O
past JJ O
seven CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
' POS O
, , O
who WP O
had VBD O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
on IN O
sulfasalazine NN O
and CC O
met VBD O
a DT O
definition NN O
of IN O
a DT O
serious JJ O
ADR NNP O
, , O
were VBD O
identified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
clinicians NNS O
reviewed VBD O
structured VBN O
case NN O
reports NNS O
and CC O
assessed VBD O
causality NN O
by IN O
consensus NN O
and CC O
by IN O
using VBG O
a DT O
causality NN O
assessment NN O
instrument NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
likely JJ O
frequency NN O
of IN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
with IN O
sulfasalazine NN O
was VBD O
estimated VBN O
by IN O
making VBG O
a DT O
series NN O
of IN O
conservative JJ O
assumptions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Ten CD O
cases NNS O
were VBD O
identified VBN O
: : O
eight CD O
occurred VBD O
during IN O
surveillance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
hospitalised VBN O
, , O
two CD O
in IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
- : O
one CD O
died VBD O
after IN O
a DT O
liver NN O
transplant NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
but IN O
one CD O
event NN O
occurred VBD O
within IN O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seven CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
skin NN B-Disease
rash NN I-Disease
, , O
three CD O
eosinophilia NN B-Disease
and CC O
one CD O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
of IN O
Black JJ O
British JJ O
of IN O
African JJ O
or CC O
Caribbean JJ O
descent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN O
enzymes NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
hepatocellular JJ O
pattern NN O
in IN O
four CD O
cases NNS O
and CC O
a DT O
mixed JJ O
pattern NN O
in IN O
six CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drug NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
judged VBN O
probable JJ O
or CC O
highly RB O
probable JJ O
in IN O
8 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
likely JJ O
frequency NN O
of IN O
serious JJ O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
with IN O
sulfasalazine NN O
was VBD O
estimated VBN O
at IN O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Serious JJ O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
sulfasalazine NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
under IN O
- HYPH O
appreciated VBN O
and CC O
intensive JJ O
monitoring NN O
and CC O
vigilance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
especially RB O
important JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Complete JJ O
atrioventricular JJ B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
lithium NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sinus JJ B-Disease
node NN I-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
most RBS O
frequently RB O
among IN O
the DT O
adverse JJ O
cardiovascular JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
lithium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
case NN O
, , O
complete JJ O
atrioventricular JJ B-Disease
( -LRB- I-Disease
AV NN I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
block NN I-Disease
with IN O
syncopal JJ B-Disease
attacks NNS I-Disease
developed VBD O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
lithium NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
necessitating VBG O
permanent JJ O
pacemaker NN O
implantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
lithium NN O
levels NNS O
remained VBD O
under IN O
or CC O
within IN O
the DT O
therapeutic JJ O
range NN O
during IN O
the DT O
syncopal JJ B-Disease
attacks NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lithium NN O
should MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
with IN O
extreme JJ O
caution NN O
, , O
especially RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
mild JJ O
disturbance NN O
of IN O
AV NN O
conduction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Exaggerated VBN O
expression NN O
of IN O
inflammatory JJ O
mediators NNS O
in IN O
vasoactive JJ O
intestinal JJ O
polypeptide NN O
knockout NN O
( -LRB- O
VIP NNP O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
with IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
( -LRB- O
CYP NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vasoactive JJ O
intestinal JJ O
polypeptide NN O
( , O
VIP NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
an DT O
immunomodulatory JJ O
neuropeptide NN O
distributed VBN O
in IN O
micturition NN O
pathways NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
VIP NNP O
( : O
- : O
/ : O
- : O
) -RRB- O
mice NN O
exhibit NN O
altered VBN O
bladder NN O
function NN O
and CC O
neurochemical JJ O
properties NNS O
in IN O
micturition NN O
pathways NNS O
after IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
( -LRB- O
CYP NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Given VBN O
VIP NNP O
' POS O
s POS O
role NN O
as IN O
an DT O
anti AFX O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
mediator NN O
, , O
we PRP O
hypothesized VBD O
that IN O
VIP NNP O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- : O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
would MD O
exhibit VB O
enhanced VBN O
inflammatory JJ O
mediator NN O
expression NN O
after IN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
mouse NN O
inflammatory JJ O
cytokine NN O
and CC O
receptor NN O
RT2 NNP O
profiler NN O
array NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
regulated VBN O
transcripts NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
urinary JJ O
bladder NN O
of IN O
wild JJ O
type NN O
( , O
WT NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
VIP NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
mice NNS O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
CYP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cystitis NN B-Disease
( : O
150 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
; : O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
; : O
48 CD O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Four CD O
binary JJ O
comparisons NNS O
were VBD O
made VBN O
: : O
WT NNP O
control NN O
versus IN O
CYP NNP O
treatment NN O
( : O
48 CD O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
VIP NNP O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) SYM O
control NN O
versus IN O
CYP NNP O
treatment NN O
( : O
48 CD O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
WT NNP O
control NN O
versus IN O
VIP NNP O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
control NN O
, , O
and CC O
WT NNP O
with IN O
CYP NNP O
treatment NN O
( : O
48 CD O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
versus IN O
VIP NNP O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
CYP NNP O
treatment NN O
( : O
48 CD O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
genes NNS O
presented VBN O
represent VBP O
( : O
1 CD O
) , O
greater JJR O
than IN O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
change NN O
in IN O
either DT O
direction NN O
and CC O
( : O
2 CD O
) , O
the DT O
p NN O
value NN O
is VBZ O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
for IN O
the DT O
comparison NN O
being VBG O
made VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Several JJ O
regulated VBN O
genes NNS O
were VBD O
validated VBN O
using VBG O
enzyme NN O
- HYPH O
linked VBN O
immunoassays NNS O
including VBG O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
1beta NNP O
and CC O
CXCL1 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CYP NNP O
treatment NN O
significantly RB O
( : O
p NN O
< SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
increased VBN O
expression NN O
of IN O
CXCL1 NN O
and CC O
IL NN O
- HYPH O
1beta NN O
in IN O
the DT O
urinary JJ O
bladder NN O
of IN O
WT NN O
and CC O
VIP NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
mice NNS O
, , O
but CC O
expression NN O
in IN O
VIP NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
with IN O
CYP NNP O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
( : O
p NN O
< : O
or CC O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
greater JJR O
( : O
4 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
to TO O
13 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
increase NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
that DT O
observed VBN O
in IN O
WT NNP O
urinary JJ O
bladder NN O
( , O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
to IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
increase NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
in IN O
VIP NNP O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
with IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
inflammation NN I-Disease
, , O
inflammatory JJ O
mediators NNS O
are VBP O
increased VBN O
above IN O
that DT O
observed VBN O
in IN O
WT NNP O
with IN O
CYP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
shift NN O
in IN O
balance NN O
may MD O
contribute VB O
to IN O
increased VBN O
bladder NN B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
in IN O
VIP NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
mice NNS O
with IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
inflammation NN I-Disease
and CC O
altered VBN O
neurochemical JJ O
expression NN O
in IN O
micturition NN O
pathways NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Debrisoquine NN O
phenotype NN O
and CC O
the DT O
pharmacokinetics NN O
and CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
receptor NN O
pharmacodynamics NNS O
of IN O
metoprolol NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
enantiomers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
metabolism NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cardioselective JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocker NN O
metoprolol NN O
is VBZ O
under IN O
genetic JJ O
control NN O
of IN O
the DT O
debrisoquine NN O
/ SYM O
sparteine NN O
type NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
two CD O
metabolic JJ O
phenotypes NNS O
, , O
extensive JJ O
( , O
EM NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
poor JJ O
metabolizers NNS O
( -LRB- O
PM NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
show VBP O
different JJ O
stereoselective JJ O
metabolism NN O
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
apparently RB O
higher JJR O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
adrenoceptor NN O
antagonistic JJ O
potency NN O
of IN O
racemic JJ O
metoprolol NN O
in IN O
EMs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
if IN O
the DT O
latter JJ O
also RB O
applies VBZ O
to IN O
the DT O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
adrenoceptor NN O
antagonism NN O
by IN O
metoprolol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
drug NN O
effect NN O
studied VBD O
was VBD O
the DT O
antagonism NN O
by IN O
metoprolol NN O
of IN O
terbutaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
using VBG O
pharmacokinetic JJ O
pharmacodynamic JJ O
modeling NN O
the DT O
pharmacodynamics NNS O
of IN O
racemic JJ O
metoprolol NN O
and CC O
the DT O
active JJ O
S NN O
- HYPH O
isomer NN O
, , O
were VBD O
quantitated VBN O
in IN O
EMs NNS O
and CC O
PMs NNS O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
IC50 NN O
values NNS O
, , O
representing VBG O
metoprolol JJ O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
half JJ O
- HYPH O
maximum NN O
receptor NN O
occupancy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
EMs NNS O
received VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
terbutaline NN O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
on IN O
two CD O
different JJ O
occasions NNS O
: : O
1 CD O
) SYM O
1 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
a DT O
placebo NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
) SYM O
1 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
150 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
metoprolol NN O
p NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
PMs NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
protocol NN O
, , O
except IN O
for IN O
a DT O
higher JJR O
terbutaline NN O
dose NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
day NN O
2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blood NN O
samples NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
analysis NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
potassium NN O
, , O
terbutaline NN O
, , O
metoprolol NN O
( , O
racemic NN O
, , O
R NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
S NN O
- HYPH O
isomer NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxymetoprolol NN O
concentrations NNS O
were VBD O
taken VBN O
at IN O
regular JJ O
time NN O
intervals NNS O
, , O
during IN O
8 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
metoprolol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
PMs NNS O
, , O
metoprolol NN O
increased VBD O
the DT O
terbutaline NN O
area NN O
under IN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
concentration NN O
vs NN O
. . O
time NN O
curve NN O
( : O
+ SYM O
67 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Higher JJR O
metoprolol NN O
/ SYM O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxymetoprolol NN O
ratios NNS O
in IN O
PMs NNS O
were VBD O
predictive JJ O
for IN O
higher JJR O
R NN O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
S NN O
- HYPH O
isomer NN O
ratios NNS O
of IN O
unchanged JJ O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
difference NN O
in IN O
metoprolol NN O
potency NN O
with IN O
higher JJR O
racemic JJ O
metoprolol NN O
IC50 NN O
values NNS O
in IN O
PMs NNS O
( : O
72 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
ng NN O
. . O
ml CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
EMs NNS O
( : O
42 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
8 CD O
ng NN O
. . O
ml CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
. . O
001 CD O
) NFP O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) : O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hemodynamics NNS O
of IN O
oxytocin NN O
and CC O
other JJ O
vasoactive JJ O
agents NNS O
during IN O
neuraxial JJ O
anesthesia NN O
for IN O
cesarean JJ O
delivery NN O
: : O
findings NNS O
in IN O
six CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oxytocin NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
uterotonic JJ O
that WDT O
can MD O
cause VB O
significant JJ O
and CC O
even RB O
fatal JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
particularly RB O
when WRB O
given VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
bolus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
resulting VBG O
hypotension NN B-Disease
can MD O
be VB O
produced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
systemic JJ O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
or CC O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
through IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
venous JJ O
return NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Parturients NNS O
with IN O
normal JJ O
volume NN O
status NN O
, , O
heart NN O
valves NNS O
and CC O
pulmonary JJ O
vasculature NN O
most RBS O
often RB O
respond VBP O
to IN O
this DT O
hypotension NN B-Disease
with IN O
a DT O
compensatory JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
stroke NN B-Disease
volume NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oxytocin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
at IN O
cesarean JJ O
delivery NN O
may MD O
be VB O
incorrectly RB O
attributed VBN O
to IN O
blood NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pulse NN O
power NN O
analysis NN O
( , O
also RB O
called VBN O
"""" `` O
pulse NN O
contour NN O
analysis NN O
"""" '' O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
an DT O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
wave NN O
form NN O
allows VBZ O
continuous JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
systemic JJ O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
and CC O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
in IN O
real JJ O
time NN O
, , O
thereby RB O
elucidating VBG O
the DT O
causative JJ O
factors NNS O
behind IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pulse NN O
power NN O
analysis NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
in IN O
six CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
cesarean JJ O
delivery NN O
performed VBN O
under IN O
neuraxial JJ O
anesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
oxytocin NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
systemic JJ O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
and CC O
a DT O
compensatory JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
volume NN O
, , O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pulse NN O
power NN O
analysis NN O
may MD O
be VB O
helpful JJ O
in IN O
determining VBG O
the DT O
etiology NN O
of IN O
and CC O
treating VBG O
hypotension NN B-Disease
during IN O
cesarean JJ O
delivery NN O
under IN O
neuraxial JJ O
anesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Protective JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
antithrombin NN O
on IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
antithrombin NN O
, , O
a DT O
plasma NN O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
coagulation NN O
factors NNS O
, , O
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
an DT O
experimental JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antithrombin NN O
( : O
50 CD O
or CC O
500 CD O
IU NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
i CD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
to IN O
rats NNS O
once RB O
a DT O
day NN O
for IN O
10 CD O
days NNS O
immediately RB O
after IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
of IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
( : O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
i CD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
with IN O
antithrombin NN O
attenuated VBD O
the DT O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hematological JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
and CC O
hyperlipidemia NN B-Disease
were VBD O
also RB O
suppressed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histopathological JJ O
examination NN O
revealed VBD O
severe JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
such JJ O
as IN O
proteinaceous JJ O
casts NNS O
in IN O
tubuli NN O
and CC O
tubular JJ O
expansion NN O
in IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
of IN O
control NN O
rats NNS O
, , O
while IN O
an DT O
improvement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
damage NN O
was VBD O
seen VBN O
in IN O
antithrombin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
antithrombin JJ O
treatment NN O
markedly RB O
suppressed VBD O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
apoptosis NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
tubular JJ O
epithelial JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
renal JJ O
cytokine NN O
content NN O
were VBD O
also RB O
decreased VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
thrombin NN O
plays VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
with IN O
antithrombin NN O
may MD O
be VB O
clinically RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
after IN O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Unfractionated JJ O
heparin NN O
sodium NN O
( : O
UFH NNP O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
molecular JJ O
weight NN O
heparin NN O
( , O
LMWH NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
in IN O
anticoagulant JJ O
protocols NNS O
at IN O
several JJ O
institutions NNS O
to TO O
prevent VB O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
after IN O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
HIT NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
an DT O
adverse JJ O
immune NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
reaction NN O
to IN O
heparin NN O
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
platelet NN O
count NN O
decreases NNS O
of IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
frequencies NNS O
of IN O
HIT NNP B-Disease
after IN O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
and CC O
platelet NN O
factor NN O
4 CD O
/ SYM O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
reactive JJ O
antibody NN O
( -LRB- O
HIT NNP B-Disease
antibody NN O
) -RRB- O
positivity NN O
in IN O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
patients NNS O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
are VBP O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
32 CD O
men NNS O
and CC O
20 CD O
women NNS O
underwent VBD O
living VBG O
donor NN O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
started VBD O
LMWH NNP O
( : O
25 CD O
IU NNP O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
h CD O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
postoperative JJ O
day NN O
( , O
POD NNP O
) -RRB- O
1 CD O
, , O
switching VBG O
to IN O
UFH NNP O
( : O
5000 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
d NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
POD NN O
2 CD O
or CC O
3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
UFH NNP O
was VBD O
changed VBN O
according VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
activated VBN O
clotting NN O
time NN O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
HIT NN B-Disease
antibody NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
the DT O
day NN O
before IN O
surgery NN O
and CC O
on IN O
POD NNP O
7 CD O
and CC O
14 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Platelet NN O
count NN O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
daily RB O
for IN O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
average JJ O
platelet NN O
counts VBZ O
preoperatively RB O
, , O
and CC O
on IN O
POD NNP O
7 CD O
, , O
14 CD O
, , O
and CC O
21 CD O
were VBD O
65 CD O
, , O
88 CD O
, , O
149 CD O
, , O
and CC O
169 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
) CD O
/ SYM O
L NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
hepatic JJ O
artery NN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
on IN O
POD NNP O
11 CD O
and CC O
19 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
although IN O
they PRP O
were VBD O
HIT NNP B-Disease
antibody NN O
- HYPH O
negative JJ O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
platelet NN O
counts NNS O
were VBD O
stable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
2 CD O
other JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
the DT O
platelet NN O
count NN O
decreased VBD O
suddenly RB O
from IN O
107 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
) CD O
/ SYM O
L NN O
on IN O
POD NN O
4 CD O
to IN O
65 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
) CD O
/ SYM O
L NN O
on IN O
POD NN O
6 CD O
and CC O
from IN O
76 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
) CD O
/ SYM O
L NN O
on IN O
POD NN O
7 CD O
to TO O
33 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
) CD O
/ SYM O
L NN O
on IN O
POD NN O
9 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregation NN I-Disease
test NN O
was VBD O
negative JJ O
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
percentage NN O
of IN O
HIT NNP B-Disease
antibody NN O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
patients NNS O
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
preoperatively RB O
, , O
5 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
on IN O
POD NN O
7 CD O
, , O
and CC O
5 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
on IN O
POD NN O
14 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
subjects NNS O
/ SYM O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
UFH NNP O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
HIT NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
our PRP$ O
series NN O
, , O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
HIT NNP B-Disease
after IN O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
was VBD O
uncommon JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doxorubicin JJ O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
inflammation NN B-Disease
and CC O
apoptosis NN O
are VBP O
attenuated VBN O
by IN O
gene NN O
deletion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
kinin NN O
B1 NN O
receptor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
the DT O
anthracycline NN O
doxorubicin NN O
( -LRB- O
DOX NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
limited VBN O
by IN O
its PRP$ O
cardiotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
are VBP O
attributed VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
induction NN O
of IN O
apoptosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
elucidate VB O
the DT O
possible JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
the DT O
kinin NN O
B1 NNP O
receptor NN O
( , O
B1R NNP O
) , O
during IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
DOX NNP O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
studied VBD O
B1R NN O
knockout NN O
mice NNS O
( , O
B1R NNP O
( , O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
by IN O
investigating VBG O
cardiac JJ O
inflammation NN B-Disease
and CC O
apoptosis NN O
after IN O
induction NN O
of IN O
DOX NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
DOX NN O
control NN O
mice NNS O
showed VBD O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
measured VBN O
by IN O
pressure NN O
- HYPH O
volume NN O
loops NNS O
in IN O
vivo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
reduced VBN O
activation NN O
state NN O
of IN O
AKT NNP O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
an DT O
increased JJ O
bax NN O
/ SYM O
bcl2 NN O
ratio NN O
in IN O
Western JJ O
blots NNS O
, , O
indicating VBG O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
apoptosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
mRNA NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
proinflammatory JJ O
cytokine NN O
interleukin NN O
6 CD O
were VBD O
increased VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
cardiac JJ O
tissue NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
DOX NNP O
B1R NNP O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- : O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
, , O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
was VBD O
improved VBN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
DOX NNP O
control NN O
mice NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
normalization NN O
of IN O
the DT O
bax NN O
/ SYM O
bcl NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
ratio NN O
and CC O
interleukin NN O
6 CD O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
AKT NN O
activation NN O
state NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
B1R NNP O
is VBZ O
detrimental JJ O
in IN O
DOX NNP O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
that IN O
it PRP O
mediates VBZ O
the DT O
inflammatory JJ O
response NN O
and CC O
apoptosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
insights NNS O
might MD O
have VB O
useful JJ O
implications NNS O
for IN O
future JJ O
studies NNS O
utilizing VBG O
B1R NN O
antagonists NNS O
for IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
DOX NNP O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Detailed JJ O
spectral JJ O
profile NN O
analysis NN O
of IN O
penicillin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
epileptiform NN B-Disease
activity NN I-Disease
in IN O
anesthetized VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Penicillin NN O
model NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
widely RB O
used VBN O
experimental JJ O
model NN O
for IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
research NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
we PRP O
aimed VBD O
to TO O
portray VB O
a DT O
detailed JJ O
spectral JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
penicillin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
epileptiform NN B-Disease
activity NN I-Disease
in IN O
comparison NN O
with IN O
basal JJ O
brain NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
anesthetized VBN O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
anesthetized VBN O
with IN O
i PRP O
. . O
p UH O
. . O
urethane NN O
and CC O
connected VBN O
to IN O
an DT O
electrocorticogram NN O
setup NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
a DT O
short JJ O
period NN O
of IN O
basal JJ O
activity NN O
recording NN O
, , O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
focus NN O
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
injecting VBG O
400IU NNP O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
microl NN O
penicillin NN O
- HYPH O
G NN O
potassium NN O
into IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
lateral JJ O
ventricle NN O
while IN O
the DT O
cortical JJ O
activity NN O
was VBD O
continuously RB O
recorded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Basal NNP O
activity NN O
, , O
latent JJ O
period NN O
and CC O
the DT O
penicillin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
epileptiform NN B-Disease
activity NN I-Disease
periods NNS O
were VBD O
then RB O
analyzed VBN O
using VBG O
both CC O
conventional JJ O
methods NNS O
and CC O
spectral JJ O
analysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Spectral JJ O
analyses NNS O
were VBD O
conducted VBN O
by IN O
dividing VBG O
the DT O
whole JJ O
spectrum NN O
into IN O
different JJ O
frequency NN O
bands NNS O
including VBG O
delta NN O
, , O
theta NN O
( , O
slow JJ O
and CC O
fast JJ O
) -RRB- O
, , O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
sigma NN O
, , O
beta NN O
( , O
1 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
gamma NN O
( , O
1 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
bands NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
affected JJ O
frequency NN O
bands NNS O
were VBD O
delta NN O
, , O
theta NN O
, , O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
and CC O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
bands NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
epileptiform JJ B-Disease
activity NN I-Disease
and CC O
there EX O
were VBD O
marked JJ O
differences NNS O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
spectral JJ O
densities NNS O
between IN O
three CD O
investigated VBN O
episodes NNS O
( , O
basal JJ O
activity NN O
, , O
latent JJ O
period NN O
and CC O
epileptiform NN B-Disease
activity NN I-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
may MD O
help VB O
to TO O
analyze VB O
novel JJ O
data NNS O
obtained VBN O
using VBG O
similar JJ O
experimental JJ O
models NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
simple JJ O
analysis NN O
method NN O
described VBN O
here RB O
can MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
in IN O
similar JJ O
studies NNS O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
basic JJ O
neuronal JJ O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
this DT O
or CC O
other JJ O
types NNS O
of IN O
experimental JJ O
epilepsies NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
fat JJ O
diet NN O
- HYPH O
fed VBN O
obese JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
are VBP O
highly RB O
sensitive JJ O
to IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Often RB O
, , O
chemotherapy NN O
by IN O
doxorubicin NN O
( -LRB- O
Adriamycin NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
limited VBN O
due IN O
to IN O
life NN O
threatening VBG O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
during IN O
and CC O
posttherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recently RB O
, , O
we PRP O
have VBP O
shown VBN O
that IN O
moderate JJ O
diet NN O
restriction NN O
remarkably RB O
protects VBZ O
against IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
cardioprotection NN O
is VBZ O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
decreased VBN O
cardiac JJ O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
and CC O
triglycerides NNS O
and CC O
increased VBN O
cardiac JJ O
fatty NN O
- HYPH O
acid NN O
oxidation NN O
, , O
ATP NN O
synthesis NN O
, , O
and CC O
upregulated JJ O
JAK NNP O
/ SYM O
STAT3 NNP O
pathway NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
current JJ O
study NN O
, , O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
whether IN O
a DT O
physiological JJ O
intervention NN O
by IN O
feeding VBG O
40 CD O
% NN O
high JJ O
fat JJ O
diet NN O
( , O
HFD NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
which WDT O
induces VBZ O
obesity NN B-Disease
in IN O
male JJ O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
( : O
250 CD O
- SYM O
275 CD O
g CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
sensitizes VBZ O
to IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
LD NNP O
( -LRB- O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
dose NN O
( , O
8 CD O
mg NN O
doxorubicin NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
administered VBN O
on IN O
day NN O
43 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
HFD NNP O
feeding NN O
regimen NN O
led VBD O
to IN O
higher JJR O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
, , O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
, , O
and CC O
80 CD O
% NN O
mortality NN O
in IN O
the DT O
obese JJ B-Disease
( , O
OB NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
any DT O
significant JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
or CC I-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doxorubicin JJ O
toxicokinetics NN O
studies NNS O
revealed VBD O
no DT O
change NN O
in IN O
accumulation NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
and CC O
doxorubicinol NN O
( , O
toxic JJ O
metabolite NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
diet NN O
- HYPH O
fed VBN O
( : O
ND NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
OB NN B-Disease
hearts NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mechanistic JJ O
studies NNS O
revealed VBD O
that IN O
OB NN B-Disease
rats NNS O
are VBP O
sensitized VBN O
due IN O
to IN O
: : O
( : O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
higher JJR O
oxyradical JJ O
stress NN O
leading VBG O
to IN O
upregulation NN O
of IN O
uncoupling JJ O
proteins NNS O
2 CD O
and CC O
3 CD O
, , O
( , O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
downregulation NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
peroxisome NN O
proliferators NNS O
activated VBN O
receptor NN O
- HYPH O
alpha NN O
, , O
( , O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
decreased VBN O
plasma NN O
adiponectin NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
( , O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
decreased VBN O
cardiac JJ O
fatty NN O
- HYPH O
acid NN O
oxidation NN O
( : O
666 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
14 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
nmol NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
/ SYM O
g NN O
heart NN O
in IN O
ND NN O
versus IN O
400 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
11 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
nmol NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
/ SYM O
g NN O
heart NN O
in IN O
OB NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
( , O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
decreased VBN O
mitochondrial JJ O
AMP NN O
- HYPH O
alpha2 NN O
protein NN O
kinase NN O
, , O
and CC O
( : O
6 CD O
) SYM O
86 CD O
% NN O
drop NN O
in IN O
cardiac JJ O
ATP NNP O
levels NNS O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
decreased VBN O
ATP NNP O
/ SYM O
ADP NNP O
ratio NN O
after IN O
doxorubicin JJ O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Decreased VBN O
cardiac JJ O
erythropoietin NN O
and CC O
increased VBN O
SOCS3 NNP O
further RB O
downregulated VBD O
the DT O
cardioprotective JJ O
JAK NNP O
/ SYM O
STAT3 NNP O
pathway NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
HFD NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
obese JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
are VBP O
highly RB O
sensitized VBN O
to IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
by IN O
substantially RB O
downregulating VBG O
cardiac JJ O
mitochondrial JJ O
ATP NNP O
generation NN O
, , O
increasing VBG O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
and CC O
downregulating VBG O
the DT O
JAK NNP O
/ SYM O
STAT3 NNP O
pathway NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Isoproterenol NN O
induces VBZ O
primary JJ O
loss NN O
of IN O
dystrophin NN O
in IN O
rat NN O
hearts NNS O
: : O
correlation NN O
with IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
unknown JJ O
, , O
but CC O
a DT O
mismatch NN O
of IN O
oxygen NN O
supply NN O
vs IN O
. , O
demand NN O
following VBG O
coronary JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
the DT O
best JJS O
explanation NN O
for IN O
the DT O
complex JJ O
morphological JJ O
alterations NNS O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
structural JJ O
integrity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sarcolemma NN O
of IN O
cardiomyocytes NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
demonstrated VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
isoproterenol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Taking VBG O
into IN O
account NN O
that IN O
the DT O
sarcolemmal JJ O
integrity NN O
is VBZ O
stabilized VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
dystrophin NN O
- HYPH O
glycoprotein NN O
complex NN O
( -LRB- O
DGC NNP O
) -RRB- O
that WDT O
connects VBZ O
actin NN O
and CC O
laminin NN O
in IN O
contractile JJ O
machinery NN O
and CC O
extracellular JJ O
matrix NN O
and CC O
by IN O
integrins NNS O
, , O
this DT O
study NN O
tests VBZ O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
isoproterenol NN O
affects VBZ O
sarcolemmal JJ O
stability NN O
through IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
DGC NNP O
and CC O
integrins NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
found VBD O
different JJ O
sensitivity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
DGC NNP O
and CC O
integrin NN O
to IN O
isoproterenol NN O
subcutaneous JJ O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunofluorescent NN O
staining NN O
revealed VBD O
that IN O
dystrophin NN O
is VBZ O
the DT O
most RBS O
sensitive JJ O
among IN O
the DT O
structures NNS O
connecting VBG O
the DT O
actin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
cardiomyocyte NN O
cytoskeleton NN O
and CC O
the DT O
extracellular JJ O
matrix NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
sarcomeric JJ O
actin NN O
dissolution NN O
occurred VBD O
after IN O
the DT O
reduction NN O
or CC O
loss NN O
of IN O
dystrophin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subsequently RB O
, , O
after IN O
lysis NN O
of IN O
myofilaments NNS O
, , O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
sarcoglycan NN O
, , O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
dystroglycan NN O
, , O
beta1 NN O
- HYPH O
integrin NN O
, , O
and CC O
laminin NN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
expressions NNS O
were VBD O
reduced VBN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
their PRP$ O
breakdown NN O
, , O
as IN O
epiphenomena NN O
of IN O
the DT O
myocytolytic JJ O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
administration NN O
of IN O
isoproterenol NN O
to IN O
rats NNS O
results VBZ O
in IN O
primary JJ O
loss NN O
of IN O
dystrophin NN O
, , O
the DT O
most RBS O
sensitive JJ O
among IN O
the DT O
structural JJ O
proteins NNS O
that WDT O
form VBP O
the DT O
DGC NNP O
that WDT O
connects VBZ O
the DT O
extracellular JJ O
matrix NN O
and CC O
the DT O
cytoskeleton NN O
in IN O
cardiomyocyte NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
changes NNS O
, , O
related VBN O
to IN O
ischaemic JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
, , O
explain VBP O
the DT O
severe JJ O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
structural JJ O
integrity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sarcolemma NN O
of IN O
cardiomyocytes NNS O
and CC O
hence RB O
severe JJ O
and CC O
irreversible JJ O
injury NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
isoproterenol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Etiologic JJ O
factors NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
liver NN B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Within IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
several JJ O
years NNS O
, , O
previously RB O
rare JJ O
liver NN B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
seen VBN O
in IN O
young JJ O
women NNS O
using VBG O
oral JJ O
contraceptive NN O
steroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
Registry NNP O
for IN O
Liver NNP B-Disease
Tumors NNPS I-Disease
Associated VBN O
with IN O
Oral NNP O
Contraceptives NNPS O
at IN O
the DT O
University NNP O
of IN O
California NNP O
, , O
Irvine NNP O
, , O
has VBZ O
clearly RB O
identified VBN O
27 CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
recent JJ O
literature NN O
contains VBZ O
44 CD O
case NN O
reports NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Common JJ O
to IN O
these DT O
71 CD O
cases NNS O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
a DT O
histopathologic JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
focal JJ B-Disease
nodular JJ I-Disease
hyperplasia NN I-Disease
, , O
adenoma NN B-Disease
, , O
hamartoma NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
hepatoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Significant JJ O
statistical JJ O
etiologic JJ O
factors NNS O
include VBP O
prolonged VBN O
uninterrupted JJ O
usage NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
contraceptive NN O
steroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
deaths NNS O
and CC O
liver NN O
rupture NN B-Disease
in IN O
18 CD O
patients NNS O
attest VBP O
to IN O
the DT O
seriousness NN O
of IN O
this DT O
new JJ O
potentially RB O
lethal JJ O
adverse JJ O
phenomenon NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ifosfamide NNP O
continuous JJ O
infusion NN O
without IN O
mesna NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
phase NN O
I NN O
trial NN O
of IN O
a DT O
14 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
cycle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
27 CD O
courses NNS O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
administered VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
continuous JJ O
infusion NN O
for IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
without IN O
Mesna NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
goal NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
deliver VB O
a DT O
dose NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
total JJ O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
that WDT O
would MD O
be VB O
comparable JJ O
to IN O
standard JJ O
bolus JJ O
or CC O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
infusions NNS O
administered VBN O
with IN O
Mesna NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dose NN O
escalations NNS O
proceeded VBD O
from IN O
200 CD O
to IN O
300 CD O
, , O
400 CD O
, , O
450 CD O
, , O
500 CD O
, , O
and CC O
550 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
d NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Four CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
transient JJ O
microscopic JJ O
hematuria NN B-Disease
at IN O
400 CD O
, , O
450 CD O
, , O
and CC O
500 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
d NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
instances NNS O
of IN O
macroscopic JJ O
hematuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
550 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
d NN O
, , O
three CD O
patients NNS O
experienced VBD O
nonurologic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
; : O
confusion NN B-Disease
( : O
1 CD O
) NN O
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
( , O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
Grade NNP O
2 CD O
leukopenia NN B-Disease
( : O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
recommended VBN O
dose NN O
of IN O
500 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
d NN O
delivers VBZ O
a DT O
total JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
7 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
m2 NN O
per IN O
cycle NN O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
comparable JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
delivered VBN O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
practice NN O
for IN O
bolus NN O
or CC O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
few JJ O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
multiple JJ O
courses NNS O
over IN O
time NN O
, , O
the DT O
cumulative JJ O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
indeterminate JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
frequency NN O
and CC O
predictability NN O
of IN O
hematuria NN B-Disease
are VBP O
not RB O
precise JJ O
, , O
and CC O
at IN O
least JJS O
daily JJ O
monitoring NN O
by IN O
urine NN O
Hematest NNP O
is VBZ O
essential JJ O
, , O
adding VBG O
Mesna NNP O
to IN O
the DT O
infusate NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
persistent JJ O
hematuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
protracted VBN O
infusion NN O
schedule NN O
for IN O
ifosfamide NN O
permits VBZ O
convenient JJ O
outpatient JJ O
administration NN O
without IN O
Mesna NNP O
and CC O
reduces VBZ O
the DT O
drug NN O
cost NN O
of IN O
clinical JJ O
usage NN O
of IN O
this DT O
agent NN O
by IN O
up IN O
to IN O
890 CD O
per IN O
cycle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
activity NN O
was VBD O
demonstrated VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
patient NN O
, , O
but CC O
a DT O
comparative JJ O
trial NN O
of IN O
standard JJ O
bolus NN O
schedules NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
protracted JJ O
infusion NN O
schedule NN O
will MD O
be VB O
necessary JJ O
to TO O
determine VB O
if IN O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
effectiveness NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
is VBZ O
maintained VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
caffeine NN O
pretreatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Suboptimal JJ O
seizure NN B-Disease
duration NN O
is VBZ O
commonly RB O
encountered VBN O
in IN O
electroconvulsive JJ O
therapy NN O
practice NN O
, , O
especially RB O
in IN O
older JJR O
patients NNS O
with IN O
higher JJR O
seizure NN B-Disease
thresholds NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
caffeine NN O
is VBZ O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
to TO O
improve VB O
seizure NN B-Disease
duration NN O
and CC O
quality NN O
in IN O
such JJ O
patients NNS O
and CC O
is VBZ O
generally RB O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
aside RB O
from IN O
occasional JJ O
reports NNS O
of IN O
relatively RB O
benign JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
ectopy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
no DT O
previous JJ O
history NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
or CC O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
sustained JJ O
bigeminy NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
brief JJ O
runs NNS O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
after IN O
caffeine NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
intravenous JJ O
caffeine NN O
is VBZ O
generally RB O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
, , O
the DT O
clinician NN O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
potential NN O
for IN O
unpredictable JJ O
and CC O
serious JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fatal JJ O
haemopericardium NN B-Disease
and CC O
gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
possible JJ O
interaction NN O
of IN O
cranberry NN O
juice NN O
with IN O
warfarin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
fatal JJ O
internal JJ O
haemorrhage NN B-Disease
in IN O
an DT O
elderly JJ O
man NN O
who WP O
consumed VBD O
only RB O
cranberry NN O
juice NN O
for IN O
two CD O
weeks NNS O
while IN O
maintaining VBG O
his PRP$ O
usual JJ O
dosage NN O
of IN O
warfarin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
propose VBP O
that IN O
naturally RB O
occurring VBG O
compounds NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
flavonoids NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
are VBP O
present JJ O
in IN O
fruit NN O
juices NNS O
, , O
may MD O
increase VB O
the DT O
potency NN O
of IN O
warfarin NN O
by IN O
competing VBG O
for IN O
the DT O
enzymes NNS O
that WDT O
normally RB O
inactivate VBP O
warfarin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
traditionally RB O
regarded VBN O
as IN O
foodstuffs NNS O
, , O
consumption NN O
of IN O
fruit NN O
juices NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
when WRB O
patients NNS O
develop VBP O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reactions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
increasing VBG O
intraperitoneal JJ O
infusion NN O
rates NNS O
on IN O
bupropion NN O
hydrochloride NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
It PRP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
known VBN O
if IN O
there EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
input NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
incidence NN O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
important JJ O
, , O
since IN O
different JJ O
controlled JJ O
release NN O
formulations NNS O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
release VBP O
the DT O
active JJ O
drug NN O
at IN O
different JJ O
rates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
varying VBG O
the DT O
intraperitoneal JJ O
infusion NN O
rates NNS O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
HCl NNP O
120 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
a DT O
known VBN O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
dose NN O
50 CD O
( SYM O
CD50 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
on IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
Swiss JJ O
albino NN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
69 CD O
mice NNS O
, , O
approximately RB O
7 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
, , O
and CC O
weighing VBG O
21 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
to IN O
29 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
g NN O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
bupropion NN O
HCl NNP O
120 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
treatment NN O
by IN O
intraperitoneal JJ O
( -LRB- O
IP NN O
) -RRB- O
administration NN O
in IN O
7 CD O
groups NNS O
( , O
9 CD O
to TO O
10 CD O
animals NNS O
per IN O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bupropion NNP O
HCl NNP O
was VBD O
infused VBN O
through IN O
a DT O
surgically RB O
implanted VBN O
IP NN O
dosing VBG O
catheter NN O
with IN O
infusions NNS O
in IN O
each DT O
group NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
min NN O
, , O
15 CD O
min NN O
, , O
30 CD O
min NN O
, , O
60 CD O
min NN O
, , O
90 CD O
min NN O
, , O
120 CD O
min NN O
, , O
and CC O
240 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
number NN O
, , O
time NN O
of IN O
onset NN O
, , O
duration NN O
and CC O
the DT O
intensity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
or CC O
absence NN O
of IN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
results NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
IP NN O
administration NN O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
HCl NNP O
120 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
by IN O
bolus NN O
injection NN O
induced VBD O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
in IN O
6 CD O
out IN O
of IN O
10 CD O
mice NNS O
( : O
60 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
convulsing VBG O
mice NNS O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
group NN O
1 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Logistic JJ O
regression NN O
analysis NN O
revealed VBD O
that IN O
infusion NN O
time NN O
was VBD O
significant JJ O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0004 CD O
; : O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
974 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
increasing VBG O
the DT O
IP NN O
infusion NN O
time NN O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
HCl NNP O
120 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
91 CD O
% NN O
reduced VBN O
odds NNS O
of IN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
at IN O
infusion NN O
times NNS O
of IN O
15 CD O
to TO O
90 CD O
min NNS O
compared VBN O
to IN O
bolus NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
infusion NN O
time NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
further JJ O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
odds NNS O
of IN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
to IN O
99 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
reduction NN O
at IN O
240 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
the DT O
demonstration NN O
of IN O
an DT O
inverse JJ O
relationship NN O
between IN O
infusion NN O
time NN O
of IN O
a DT O
fixed JJ O
and CC O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
dose NN O
of IN O
bupropion NN O
and CC O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
is VBZ O
novel JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Graft NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
versus IN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
host NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
prophylaxis NN O
with IN O
everolimus NN O
and CC O
tacrolimus NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
sinusoidal JJ B-Disease
obstruction NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
microangiopathy NN B-Disease
: : O
results NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
EVTAC NNP O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
calcineurin NN O
inhibitor NN O
combined VBN O
with IN O
methotrexate NN O
is VBZ O
the DT O
standard JJ O
prophylaxis NN O
for IN O
graft NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
versus IN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
host NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
GVHD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
after IN O
allogeneic JJ O
hematopoietic JJ O
stem NN O
cell NN O
transplantation NN O
( -LRB- O
HSCT NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Everolimus NNP O
, , O
a DT O
derivative NN O
of IN O
sirolimus NN O
, , O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
mediate VB O
antileukemia NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
on IN O
a DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
everolimus NN O
and CC O
tacrolimus NN O
in IN O
24 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
median JJ O
age NN O
, , O
62 CD O
years NNS O
) , O
with IN O
either CC O
myelodysplastic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( , O
MDS NNP B-Disease
; : O
n CD O
= SYM O
17 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
acute JJ B-Disease
myeloid NN I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
( : O
AML NNP B-Disease
; : O
n CD O
= SYM O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
undergoing VBG O
intensive JJ O
conditioning NN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
HSCT NNP O
from IN O
related JJ O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
unrelated JJ O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
20 CD O
) -RRB- O
donors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
engrafted VBN O
, , O
and CC O
only RB O
1 CD O
patient NN O
experienced VBD O
grade NN O
IV NN O
mucositis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nine CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
37 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
acute JJ O
grade NN O
II NN O
- HYPH O
IV NN O
GVHD NNP B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
11 CD O
of IN O
17 CD O
evaluable JJ O
patients NNS O
( : O
64 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
chronic JJ O
extensive JJ O
GVHD NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Transplantation NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
associated VBN I-Disease
microangiopathy NN I-Disease
( , O
TMA NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
7 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
29 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
2 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
terminated VBN O
prematurely RB O
because IN O
an DT O
additional JJ O
6 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
25 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
sinusoidal JJ B-Disease
obstruction NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( : O
SOS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
fatal JJ O
in IN O
2 CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
a DT O
median JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
26 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
the DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
overall JJ O
survival NN O
rate NN O
was VBD O
47 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
this DT O
new JJ O
combination NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
effective JJ O
as IN O
a DT O
prophylactic JJ O
regimen NN O
for IN O
acute JJ O
GVHD NNP B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
TMA NNP B-Disease
and CC O
SOS NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
considerably RB O
higher JJR O
than IN O
seen VBN O
with IN O
other JJ O
regimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Longitudinal JJ O
assessment NN O
of IN O
air NN O
conduction NN O
audiograms NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
phase NN O
III NNP O
clinical JJ O
trial NN O
of IN O
difluoromethylornithine NN O
and CC O
sulindac NN O
for IN O
prevention NN O
of IN O
sporadic JJ O
colorectal JJ B-Disease
adenomas NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
phase NN O
III NNP O
clinical JJ O
trial NN O
assessed VBD O
the DT O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
adenomatous JJ B-Disease
polyps NNS I-Disease
after IN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
36 CD O
months NNS O
with IN O
difluoromethylornithine NN O
( , O
DFMO NNP O
) -RRB- O
plus CC O
sulindac NN O
or CC O
matched VBD O
placebos NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Temporary JJ O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
known VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
DFMO NNP O
, , O
thus RB O
a DT O
comprehensive JJ O
approach NN O
was VBD O
developed VBN O
to TO O
analyze VB O
serial JJ O
air NN O
conduction NN O
audiograms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
generalized VBN O
estimating VBG O
equation NN O
method NN O
estimated VBD O
the DT O
mean JJ O
difference NN O
between IN O
treatment NN O
arms NNS O
with IN O
regard NN O
to IN O
change NN O
in IN O
air NN O
conduction NN O
pure JJ O
tone NN O
thresholds NNS O
while IN O
accounting VBG O
for IN O
within IN O
- HYPH O
subject NN O
correlation NN O
due IN O
to IN O
repeated VBN O
measurements NNS O
at IN O
frequencies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
290 CD O
subjects NNS O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
an DT O
average JJ O
difference NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
50 CD O
dB NN O
between IN O
subjects NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
DFMO NNP O
plus CC O
sulindac NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
treated VBN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
( : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
64 CD O
to TO O
1 CD O
. . O
63 CD O
dB NN O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
39 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
adjusted VBN O
for IN O
baseline NN O
values NNS O
, , O
age NN O
, , O
and CC O
frequencies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
speech NN O
range NN O
of IN O
500 CD O
to IN O
3 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
Hz NN O
, , O
an DT O
estimated JJ O
difference NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
99 CD O
dB NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
17 CD O
to TO O
2 CD O
. . O
14 CD O
dB NN O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
09 CD O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
detected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dose NN O
intensity NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
add VB O
information NN O
to IN O
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
14 CD O
of IN O
151 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) SYM O
in IN O
the DT O
DFMO NNP O
plus CC O
sulindac NN O
group NN O
and CC O
4 CD O
of IN O
139 CD O
( SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
who WP O
experienced VBD O
at RB O
least RBS O
15 CD O
dB NN O
hearing NN O
reduction NN O
from IN O
baseline NN O
in IN O
2 CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
consecutive JJ O
frequencies NNS O
across IN O
the DT O
entire JJ O
range NN O
tested VBN O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Follow VB O
- HYPH O
up NN O
air NN O
conduction NN O
done VBN O
at RB O
least RBS O
6 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
end NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
showed VBD O
an DT O
adjusted JJ O
mean JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
hearing NN O
thresholds NNS O
of IN O
1 CD O
. . O
08 CD O
dB NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
81 CD O
to TO O
2 CD O
. . O
96 CD O
dB NN O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
26 CD O
) -RRB- O
between IN O
treatment NN O
arms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
the DT O
proportion NN O
of IN O
subjects NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
DFMO NNP O
plus CC O
sulindac NN O
group NN O
who WP O
experienced VBD O
clinically RB O
significant JJ O
hearing NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
estimated VBN O
attributable JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
ototoxicity NN B-Disease
from IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
is VBZ O
8 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
( : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
- : O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
18 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
12 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
< $ O
2 CD O
dB NN O
difference NN O
in IN O
mean JJ O
threshold NN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
DFMO NNP O
plus CC O
sulindac NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
treated VBN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinase NN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
antineutrophil NN O
cytoplasmic JJ O
antibody NN O
- HYPH O
( -LRB- O
PR3 NN O
- HYPH O
ANCA NN O
) -RRB- O
positive JJ O
necrotizing VBG O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
after IN O
restarting VBG O
sulphasalazine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
59 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
ulcerative JJ B-Disease
colitis NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
red JJ B-Disease
eyes NNS I-Disease
, , O
pleural JJ B-Disease
effusion NN I-Disease
, , O
eosinophilia NN B-Disease
and CC O
urinary JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
after IN O
restarting VBG O
of IN O
sulphasalazine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Light JJ O
microscopy NN O
of IN O
a DT O
kidney NN O
biopsy NN O
revealed VBD O
segmental JJ B-Disease
necrotizing JJ I-Disease
glomerulonephritis NN I-Disease
without IN O
deposition NN O
of IN O
immunoglobulin NN O
or CC O
complement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinase NN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
antineutrophil NN O
cytoplasmic JJ O
antibody NN O
( -LRB- O
PR3 NNP O
- HYPH O
ANCA NNP O
) -RRB- O
titer NN O
was VBD O
elevated VBN O
at IN O
183 CD O
ELISA NNP O
units NNS O
( , O
EU NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
sera NN O
( , O
normal JJ O
range NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
10 CD O
EU NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
myeloperoxidase NN O
- HYPH O
ANCA NNP O
was VBD O
negative JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PR3 NNP O
- HYPH O
ANCA NNP O
titer NN O
was VBD O
250 CD O
and CC O
1 CD O
, , O
070 CD O
EU NNP O
in IN O
pleural JJ B-Disease
effusions NNS I-Disease
on IN O
right JJ O
and CC O
left JJ O
side NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
sulphasalazine NN O
treatment NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
improvements NNS O
in IN O
fever NN B-Disease
, , O
red JJ B-Disease
eyes NNS I-Disease
, , O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
titer NN O
of IN O
C NN O
- HYPH O
reactive JJ O
protein NN O
and CC O
volume NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pleural JJ B-Disease
effusions NNS I-Disease
, , O
we PRP O
initiated VBD O
steroid NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
because IN O
PR3 NNP O
- HYPH O
ANCA NNP O
titer NN O
rose VBD O
to IN O
320 CD O
EU NNP O
, , O
eosinophil NN O
count NN O
increased VBD O
to IN O
1 CD O
, , O
100 CD O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
microl NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
pleural JJ B-Disease
effusion NN I-Disease
remained VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
month NN O
after IN O
steroid NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
the DT O
pleural JJ B-Disease
effusion NN I-Disease
disappeared VBD O
, , O
and CC O
PR3 NNP O
- HYPH O
ANCA NNP O
titer NN O
normalized VBN O
3 CD O
months NNS O
later RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
sulphasalazine NN O
can MD O
induce VB O
PR3 NNP O
- HYPH O
ANCA NNP O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
necrotizing VBG O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
unilateral JJ O
pallidotomy NN O
and CC O
subthalamotomy NN O
findings NNS O
in IN O
advanced JJ O
idiopathic JJ B-Disease
Parkinson NNP I-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
prospective JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
pilot NN O
study NN O
to TO O
compare VB O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
stereotactic JJ O
unilateral JJ O
pallidotomy NN O
and CC O
subthalamotomy NN O
in IN O
advanced JJ O
idiopathic JJ B-Disease
Parkinson NNP I-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
PD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
refractory NN O
to IN O
medical JJ O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
consecutive JJ O
patients NNS O
( , O
mean JJ O
age NN O
, , O
58 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
years NNS O
; : O
7 CD O
men NNS O
, , O
3 CD O
women NNS O
) , O
with IN O
similar JJ O
characteristics NNS O
at IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
disease NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
disease NN O
time NN O
, , O
8 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
disabling VBG O
motor NN O
fluctuations NNS O
( , O
Hoehn NNP O
_ : O
Yahr NNP O
stage NN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
in IN O
off JJ O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
phases NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
selected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
bilateral JJ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
levodopa NN O
equivalent JJ O
dosing NN O
were VBD O
analysed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
operated VBN O
on IN O
in IN O
the DT O
globus NN O
pallidus NN O
interna NN O
( , O
GPi NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
four CD O
in IN O
the DT O
subthalamic JJ O
nucleus NN O
( -LRB- O
STN NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
evaluation NN O
included VBD O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Unified NNP O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNP I-Disease
Disease NNP I-Disease
Rating NNP O
Scale NNP O
( -LRB- O
UPDRS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
Hoehn NNP O
_ : O
Yahr NNP O
score NN O
and CC O
Schwab NNP O
England NNP O
activities NNS O
of IN O
daily JJ O
living NN O
( , O
ADL NNP O
) -RRB- O
score NN O
in IN O
' `` O
on IN O
' '' O
- HYPH O
and CC O
' `` O
off JJ O
' '' O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
conditions NNS O
before IN O
surgery NN O
and CC O
6 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
improvement NN O
in IN O
all DT O
contralateral JJ O
major JJ O
parkinsonian JJ B-Disease
motor NN O
signs NNS O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
followed VBN O
for IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Levodopa NNP O
equivalent JJ O
daily JJ O
intake NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
STN NNP O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Changes NNS O
in IN O
UPDRS NNP O
, , O
Hoehn NNP O
_ CC O
Yahr NNP O
and CC O
Schwab NNP O
England NNP O
ADL NNP O
scores NNS O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cognitive JJ O
functions NNS O
were VBD O
unchanged JJ O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Complications NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
: : O
one CD O
had VBD O
a DT O
left JJ O
homonymous JJ B-Disease
hemianopsia NN I-Disease
after IN O
pallidotomy NN O
and CC O
another DT O
one NN O
developed VBD O
left VBN O
hemiballistic JJ O
movements NNS O
3 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
subthalamotomy NN O
which WDT O
partly RB O
improved VBD O
within IN O
1 CD O
month NN O
with IN O
Valproate NNP O
1000 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
findings NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
lesions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
unilateral JJ O
STN NNP O
and CC O
GPi NNP O
are VBP O
equally RB O
effective JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
PD NN B-Disease
refractory NN O
to IN O
medical JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DSMM NNP O
XI NNP O
study NN O
: : O
dose NN O
definition NN O
for IN O
intravenous JJ O
cyclophosphamide NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
bortezomib NN O
/ SYM O
dexamethasone NN O
for IN O
remission NN O
induction NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
newly RB O
diagnosed VBN O
myeloma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
clinical JJ O
trial NN O
was VBD O
initiated VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
recommended VBN O
dose NN O
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
bortezomib NN O
and CC O
dexamethasone NN O
as IN O
induction NN O
treatment NN O
before IN O
stem NN O
cell NN O
transplantation NN O
for IN O
younger JJR O
patients NNS O
with IN O
newly RB O
diagnosed VBN O
multiple JJ B-Disease
myeloma NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
MM NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
three CD O
21 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
cycles NNS O
of IN O
bortezomib NN O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) NN O
on IN O
days NNS O
1 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
, , O
and CC O
11 CD O
plus CC O
dexamethasone NN O
40 CD O
mg NN O
on IN O
the DT O
day NN O
of IN O
bortezomib NN O
injection NN O
and CC O
the DT O
day NN O
after RB O
plus CC O
cyclophosphamide NN O
at IN O
900 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
, , O
200 CD O
, , O
or CC O
1 CD O
, , O
500 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
day NN O
1 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
maximum JJ O
tolerated JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
was VBD O
defined VBN O
as IN O
900 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
this DT O
dose NN O
level NN O
, , O
92 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
achieved VBD O
at IN O
least JJS O
a DT O
partial JJ O
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
overall JJ O
response NN O
rate NN O
[ -LRB- O
complete JJ O
response NN O
( -LRB- O
CR NN O
) -RRB- O
plus CC O
partial JJ O
response NN O
( -LRB- O
PR NN O
) -RRB- O
] -RRB- O
across IN O
all DT O
dose NN O
levels NNS O
was VBD O
77 CD O
% NN O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
10 CD O
% NN O
CR NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
patient NN O
experienced VBD O
progressive JJ O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
frequent JJ O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
were VBD O
hematological JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
gastrointestinal JJ I-Disease
toxicities NNS I-Disease
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
bortezomib NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
at IN O
900 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m NN O
( , O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
dexamethasone NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
effective JJ O
induction NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
newly RB O
diagnosed VBN O
MM NNP B-Disease
that WDT O
warrants VBZ O
further JJ O
investigation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Naloxone NNP O
reversal NN O
of IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
captopril NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hemodynamic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
captopril NN O
and CC O
other JJ O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
converting VBG O
enzyme NN O
inhibitors NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
endogenous JJ O
opioid NN O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
opioid JJ O
antagonist NN O
naloxone NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
block VB O
or CC O
reverse VB O
the DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
actions NNS O
of IN O
captopril NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
an DT O
intentional JJ O
captopril NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
, , O
manifested VBN O
by IN O
marked JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
that WDT O
resolved VBD O
promptly RB O
with IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
naloxone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
our PRP$ O
knowledge NN O
, , O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
reported VBN O
case NN O
of IN O
captopril NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
naloxone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
experience NN O
demonstrates VBZ O
a DT O
possible JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
naloxone NN O
in IN O
the DT O
reversal NN O
of IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
resulting VBG O
from IN O
captopril NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Identification NN O
of IN O
a DT O
simple JJ O
and CC O
sensitive JJ O
microplate NN O
method NN O
for IN O
the DT O
detection NN O
of IN O
oversulfated JJ O
chondroitin NN O
sulfate NN O
in IN O
heparin NN O
products NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heparin NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
commonly RB O
implemented VBN O
anticoagulant NN O
used VBN O
to TO O
treat VB O
critically RB O
ill JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recently RB O
, , O
a DT O
number NN O
of IN O
commercial JJ O
lots NNS O
of IN O
heparin NN O
products NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
contaminated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
oversulfated JJ O
chondroitin NN O
sulfate NN O
( , O
OSCS NNP O
) -RRB- O
derivative NN O
that WDT O
could MD O
elicit VB O
a DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
response NN O
in IN O
pigs NNS O
following VBG O
a DT O
single JJ O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
both CC O
contaminated JJ O
heparin NN O
products NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
synthetically RB O
produced VBN O
derivative NN O
, , O
we PRP O
showed VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
OSCS NNP O
produces VBZ O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
pigs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
no DT O
observed JJ O
effect NN O
level NN O
( , O
NOEL NNP O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
this DT O
contaminant NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
approximately RB O
1mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
corresponding VBG O
to IN O
a DT O
contamination NN O
level NN O
of IN O
approximately RB O
3 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
also RB O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
OSCS NNP O
can MD O
be VB O
identified VBN O
in IN O
heparin NN O
products NNS O
using VBG O
a DT O
simple JJ O
, , O
inexpensive JJ O
, , O
commercially RB O
available JJ O
heparin NN O
enzyme NN O
immunoassay NN O
( -LRB- O
EIA NNP O
) -RRB- O
kit NN O
that WDT O
has VBZ O
a DT O
limit NN O
of IN O
detection NN O
of IN O
approximately RB O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
, , O
well RB O
below IN O
the DT O
NOEL NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
kit NN O
may MD O
provide VB O
a DT O
useful JJ O
method NN O
to TO O
test VB O
heparin NN O
products NNS O
for IN O
contamination NN O
with IN O
oversulfated JJ O
GAG NNP O
derivatives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
5 CD O
flourouracil NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
apical JJ B-Disease
ballooning NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
apical JJ B-Disease
ballooning NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
ABS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
recently RB O
described VBN O
stress NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
cardiac JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
characterized VBN O
by IN O
transient JJ O
wall NN O
- HYPH O
motion NN O
abnormalities NNS O
involving VBG O
the DT O
apex NN O
and CC O
midventricle NN O
with IN O
hyperkinesis NNS B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
basal JJ O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
( -LRB- O
LV NN O
) -RRB- O
segments NNS O
without IN O
obstructive JJ O
epicardial JJ B-Disease
coronary JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
an DT O
uncommon JJ O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
chemotherapeutic JJ O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
there EX O
are VBP O
no DT O
reports NNS O
of IN O
ABS NNP B-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
chemotherapeutic JJ O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
woman NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
the DT O
syndrome NN O
after IN O
chemotherapy NN O
for IN O
metastatic JJ O
cancer NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
79 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
presented VBN O
with IN O
typical JJ O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
elevated VBN O
cardiac JJ O
enzymes NNS O
with IN O
significant JJ O
ST NN O
- HYPH O
segment NN O
abnormalities NNS O
on IN O
her PRP$ O
electrocardiogram NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
underwent VBD O
recent JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
with IN O
fluorouracil NN O
for IN O
metastatic JJ O
colorectal JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Echocardiography NN O
revealed VBD O
a DT O
wall NN O
- HYPH O
motion NN O
abnormality NN O
involving VBG O
the DT O
apical JJ O
and CC O
periapical JJ O
segments NNS O
which WDT O
appeared VBD O
akinetic JJ B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coronary JJ O
angiography NN O
revealed VBD O
no DT O
obstructive JJ O
coronary JJ O
lesions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
stabilized VBN O
with IN O
medical JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Four CD O
weeks NNS O
later RB O
she PRP O
remained VBD O
completely RB O
asymptomatic JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Echocardiogram NN O
revealed VBD O
a DT O
normal JJ O
ejection NN O
fraction NN O
and CC O
a DT O
resolution NN O
of IN O
the DT O
apical JJ O
akinesis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pathogenetic JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
in IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
chemotherapy NN O
include VBP O
coronary JJ B-Disease
vasospasm NN I-Disease
, , O
endothelial JJ O
damage NN O
and CC O
consequent JJ O
thrombus NN B-Disease
formation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
our PRP$ O
patient NN O
, , O
both CC O
supraphysiologic JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
plasma NN O
catecholamines NNS O
and CC O
stress NN O
related VBN O
neuropeptides NNS O
caused VBN O
by IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
diagnosis NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
chemotherapy NN O
may MD O
have VB O
contributed VBN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
ABS NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rapid JJ O
reversal NN O
of IN O
anticoagulation NN O
reduces VBZ O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
volume NN O
in IN O
a DT O
mouse NN O
model NN O
of IN O
warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
intracerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Warfarin NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
intracerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
( , O
W NNP O
- HYPH O
ICH NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
severe JJ O
type NN O
of IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
no DT O
consensus NN O
on IN O
the DT O
optimal JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
W NNP O
- HYPH O
ICH NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
a DT O
mouse NN O
model NN O
, , O
we PRP O
tested VBD O
whether IN O
the DT O
rapid JJ O
reversal NN O
of IN O
anticoagulation NN O
using VBG O
human JJ O
prothrombin NN O
complex JJ O
concentrate NN O
( , O
PCC NNP O
) -RRB- O
can MD O
reduce VB O
hemorrhagic JJ O
blood NN O
volume NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male JJ O
CD NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
warfarin NN O
( : O
2 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
over IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
a DT O
mean NN O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
s NN O
. . O
d NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
International JJ O
Normalized JJ O
Ratio NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
First RB O
, , O
we PRP O
showed VBD O
that IN O
an DT O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
PCC NNP O
rapidly RB O
reversed VBD O
anticoagulation NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Second RB O
, , O
a DT O
stereotactic JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
collagenase NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
to TO O
induce VB O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
striatum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
minutes NNS O
later RB O
, , O
the DT O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
PCC NNP O
( : O
100 CD O
U NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
saline NN O
i . O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
12 CD O
per IN O
group NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
four CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
induction NN O
, , O
hemorrhagic JJ O
blood NN O
volume NN O
was VBD O
quantified VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
photometric JJ O
hemoglobin NN O
assay NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
hemorrhagic JJ O
blood NN O
volume NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
PCC NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
( , O
6 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
microL NN O
) -RRB- O
compared VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
controls NNS O
( : O
15 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
11 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
microL NN O
, , O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
015 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
saline JJ O
group NN O
, , O
45 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mice NN O
developed VBD O
large JJ O
hematomas NNS B-Disease
( : O
i ADD O
. . O
e -RRB- O
. . O
, , O
> SYM O
15 CD O
microL NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
such JJ O
extensive JJ O
lesions NNS O
were VBD O
never RB O
found VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
PCC NNP O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
provide VBP O
experimental JJ O
data NNS O
suggesting VBG O
PCC NNP O
to TO O
be VB O
an DT O
effective JJ O
acute JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
W NNP O
- HYPH O
ICH NNP B-Disease
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
reducing VBG O
hemorrhagic JJ O
blood NN O
volume NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Future JJ O
studies NNS O
are VBP O
needed VBN O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
therapeutic JJ O
potential NN O
emerging VBG O
from IN O
our PRP$ O
finding NN O
for IN O
human JJ O
W NN O
- HYPH O
ICH NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
term NN O
hormone NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
perimenopausal JJ O
and CC O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Hormone NN O
therapy NN O
( : O
HT NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
widely RB O
used VBN O
for IN O
controlling VBG O
menopausal JJ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
has VBZ O
also RB O
been VBN O
used VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
management NN O
and CC O
prevention NN O
of IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
osteoporosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
dementia NN B-Disease
in IN O
older JJR O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
an DT O
updated VBN O
version NN O
of IN O
the DT O
original JJ O
Cochrane NNP O
review NN O
first RB O
published VBN O
in IN O
2005 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
To TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
HT NN O
on IN O
mortality NN O
, , O
cardiovascular JJ O
outcomes NNS O
, , O
cancer NN B-Disease
, , O
gallbladder NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
cognition NN O
, , O
fractures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
quality NN O
of IN O
life NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SEARCH NN O
STRATEGY NN O
: : O
We PRP O
searched VBD O
the DT O
following VBG O
databases NNS O
to IN O
November NNP O
2007 CD O
: : O
Trials NNS O
Register NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Cochrane NNP O
Menstrual NNP B-Disease
Disorders NNPS I-Disease
and CC O
Subfertility NNP O
Group NNP O
, , O
Cochrane NNP O
Central NNP O
Register NNP O
of IN O
Controlled NNP O
Trials NNPS O
, , O
MEDLINE NNP O
, , O
EMBASE NNP O
, , O
Biological NNP O
Abstracts NNPS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Also RB O
relevant JJ O
non RB O
- HYPH O
indexed VBN O
journals NNS O
and CC O
conference NN O
abstracts NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SELECTION NN O
CRITERIA NNS O
: : O
Randomised JJ O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
trials NNS O
of IN O
HT NNP O
versus IN O
placebo NN O
, , O
taken VBN O
for IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
one CD O
year NN O
by IN O
perimenopausal JJ O
or CC O
postmenopausal JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
HT NNP O
included VBD O
oestrogens NNS O
, , O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
progestogens NNS O
, , O
via IN O
oral JJ O
, , O
transdermal JJ O
, , O
subcutaneous JJ O
or CC O
transnasal JJ O
routes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DATA NNS O
COLLECTION NN O
AND CC O
ANALYSIS NN O
: : O
Two CD O
authors NNS O
independently RB O
assessed VBD O
trial NN O
quality NN O
and CC O
extracted VBN O
data NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MAIN JJ O
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Nineteen CD O
trials NNS O
involving VBG O
41 CD O
, , O
904 CD O
women NNS O
were VBD O
included VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
relatively RB O
healthy JJ O
women NNS O
, , O
combined VBN O
continuous JJ O
HT NNP O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thrombo NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
embolism NN I-Disease
or CC O
coronary JJ O
event NN O
( , O
after IN O
one CD O
year NN O
' POS O
s NNS O
use NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
stroke NN B-Disease
( , O
after IN O
three CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
and CC O
gallbladder NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
oestrogen NN O
- HYPH O
only RB O
HT NNP O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thrombo NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
embolism NN I-Disease
, , O
stroke NN B-Disease
and CC O
gallbladder NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
after IN O
one CD O
to TO O
two CD O
years NNS O
, , O
three CD O
years NNS O
and CC O
seven CD O
years NNS O
' POS O
use NN O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
increase VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
only JJ O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
benefits NNS O
of IN O
HT NNP O
were VBD O
a DT O
decreased VBN O
incidence NN O
of IN O
fractures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
( , O
for IN O
combined VBN O
HT NNP O
) , O
colon NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
with IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
women NNS O
aged VBN O
over IN O
65 CD O
who WP O
were VBD O
relatively RB O
healthy JJ O
( : O
i PRP O
. . O
e UH O
. . O
generally RB O
fit JJ O
, , O
without IN O
overt JJ O
disease NN O
) , O
and CC O
taking VBG O
continuous JJ O
combined VBN O
HT NNP O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
dementia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
women NNS O
with IN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
of IN O
combined VBN O
continuous JJ O
HT NNP O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thrombo NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
embolism NN I-Disease
. , O
One CD O
trial NN O
analysed VBD O
subgroups NNS O
of IN O
2839 CD O
relatively RB O
healthy JJ O
50 CD O
to TO O
59 CD O
year NN O
old JJ O
women NNS O
taking VBG O
combined VBN O
continuous JJ O
HT NNP O
and CC O
1637 CD O
taking VBG O
oestrogen NN O
- HYPH O
only RB O
HT NNP O
, , O
versus IN O
similar JJ O
- HYPH O
sized JJ O
placebo NN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
only JJ O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
reported VBN O
was VBD O
for IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
thrombo NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
embolism NN I-Disease
in IN O
women NNS O
taking VBG O
combined VBN O
continuous JJ O
HT NNP O
: : O
their PRP$ O
absolute JJ O
risk NN O
remained VBD O
low JJ O
, , O
at IN O
less JJR O
than IN O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
500 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
powered VBN O
to TO O
detect VB O
differences NNS O
between IN O
groups NNS O
of IN O
younger JJR O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AUTHORS NNS O
' POS O
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
HT NNP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
indicated VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
routine JJ O
management NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
need VBP O
more JJR O
evidence NN O
on IN O
the DT O
safety NN O
of IN O
HT NNP O
for IN O
menopausal JJ O
symptom NN O
control NN O
, , O
though IN O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
relatively RB O
safe JJ O
for IN O
healthy JJ O
younger JJR O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
on IN O
tenofovir NN O
while IN O
receiving VBG O
prolonged VBN O
vancomycin NN O
course NN O
for IN O
osteomyelitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
after IN O
a DT O
prolonged JJ O
course NN O
of IN O
vancomycin NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
receiving VBG O
tenofovir NN O
disoproxil NN O
fumarate NN O
as IN O
part NN O
of IN O
an DT O
antiretroviral JJ O
regimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tenofovir NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
Fanconi NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
because IN O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
proximal JJ O
renal JJ O
tubule NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vancomycin NNP O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
infrequent JJ O
but CC O
may MD O
result VB O
from IN O
coadministration NN O
with IN O
a DT O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinicians NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
that IN O
tenofovir NN O
may MD O
raise VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
during IN O
prolonged VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
vancomycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recurrent JJ O
dysosmia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
pyrazinamide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pyrazinamide NNP O
can MD O
have VB O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
, , O
hyperuricemia NN B-Disease
or CC O
digestive JJ O
disorders NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
rare JJ O
cases NNS O
, , O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
taste NN O
and CC O
smell NN O
function NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
for IN O
pyrazinamide NN O
when WRB O
combined VBN O
with IN O
other JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
reversible JJ O
olfactory JJ B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
pyrazinamide NN O
in IN O
a DT O
woman NN O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
positive JJ O
rechallenge NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
presented VBD O
every DT O
day NN O
a DT O
sensation NN O
of IN O
smelling VBG O
something NN O
burning VBG O
15 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
drug NN O
intake NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dysosmia NNP B-Disease
disappeared VBD O
completely RB O
after IN O
pyrazinamide NN O
withdrawal NN O
and CC O
recurred VBD O
after IN O
its PRP$ O
rechallenge NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
case NN O
was VBD O
reported VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
Tunisian NNP O
Centre NNP O
of IN O
Pharmacovigilance NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mice NNS O
lacking VBG O
mPGES NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
are VBP O
resistant JJ O
to IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
polyuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cyclooxygenase NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
activity NN O
is VBZ O
required VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
polyuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
involvement NN O
of IN O
a DT O
specific JJ O
, , O
terminal JJ O
prostaglandin NN O
( -LRB- O
PG NN O
) -RRB- O
isomerase NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
to TO O
assess VB O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
polyuria NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
deficient JJ O
in IN O
microsomal NN O
prostaglandin NN O
E NN O
synthase NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
( HYPH O
mPGES NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
wk NN O
administration NN O
of IN O
LiCl NNP O
( : O
4 CD O
mmol NN O
. . O
kg NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
day NN O
( : O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
mPGES NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
+ CC O
mice NNS O
led VBD O
to IN O
a DT O
marked VBN O
polyuria NN B-Disease
with IN O
hyposmotic JJ O
urine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
elevated VBN O
renal JJ O
mPGES NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
protein NN O
expression NN O
and CC O
increased VBN O
urine NN O
PGE NN O
( , O
2 CD O
) SYM O
excretion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
mPGES NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NN O
were VBD O
largely RB O
resistant JJ O
to IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
polyuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
urine JJ O
concentrating VBG O
defect NN O
, , O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
nearly RB O
complete JJ O
blockade NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
urine NN O
PGE NNP O
( , O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
cAMP NN O
output NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunoblotting NN O
, , O
immunohistochemistry NN O
, , O
and CC O
quantitative JJ O
( , O
q NN O
) , O
RT NNP O
- HYPH O
PCR NNP O
consistently RB O
detected VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
aquaporin NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
( , O
AQP2 NN O
) -RRB- O
protein NN O
expression NN O
in IN O
both CC O
the DT O
renal JJ O
cortex NN O
and CC O
medulla NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
+ CC O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
decrease NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
qRT NNP O
- HYPH O
PCR NNP O
detected VBD O
similar JJ O
patterns NNS O
of IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
AQP2 NNP O
mRNA NN O
in IN O
the DT O
medulla NN O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
the DT O
cortex NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similarly RB O
, , O
the DT O
total JJ O
protein NN O
abundance NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Na NNP O
- HYPH O
K NNP O
- HYPH O
2Cl NN O
cotransporter NN O
( , O
NKCC2 NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
medulla NN O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
the DT O
cortex NN O
of IN O
the DT O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
+ CC O
mice NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
the DT O
dowregulation NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
medullary JJ O
NKCC2 NNP O
expression NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
mice NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
mPGES NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
derived VBN O
PGE NNP O
( : O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
mediates VBZ O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
polyuria NN B-Disease
likely RB O
via IN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
AQP2 NNP O
and CC O
NKCC2 NNP O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Preservation NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
during IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
with IN O
fenoldopam NN O
in IN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
introduction NN O
of IN O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
could MD O
induce VB O
hypotension NN B-Disease
with IN O
different JJ O
pharmacological JJ O
actions NNS O
would MD O
be VB O
advantageous JJ O
because IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
unique JJ O
to IN O
a DT O
specific JJ O
drug NN O
could MD O
be VB O
minimized VBN O
by IN O
selecting VBG O
appropriate JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Specific JJ O
dopamine NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
( : O
DA1 NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
dopamine NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
( HYPH O
DA2 NN O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
agonists NNS O
are VBP O
now RB O
under IN O
clinical JJ O
investigation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fenoldopam NNP O
mesylate NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
specific JJ O
DA1 NNP O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
that WDT O
lowers VBZ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
by IN O
vasodilatation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
fenoldopam NN O
could MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
to TO O
induce VB O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
preserve VB O
blood NN O
flow VB O
to IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
was VBD O
tested VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systemic JJ O
aortic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
renal JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
continuously RB O
with IN O
a DT O
carotid JJ O
arterial JJ O
catheter NN O
and CC O
an DT O
electromagnetic JJ O
flow NN O
probe NN O
respectively RB O
, , O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
compare VB O
the DT O
cardiovascular JJ O
and CC O
renal JJ O
vascular JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
fenoldopam NN O
and CC O
sodium NN O
nitroprusside NN O
in IN O
ten CD O
dogs NNS O
under IN O
halothane NN O
general JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
30 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
8 CD O
per NN O
cent NN O
from IN O
control NN O
with IN O
infusion NN O
of IN O
fenoldopam NN O
( HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
micrograms NNS O
. . O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) SYM O
and CC O
34 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
4 CD O
per NN O
cent NN O
with IN O
infusion NN O
of IN O
sodium NN O
nitroprusside NN O
( : O
5 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
micrograms NNS O
. . O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
( : O
NS NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
( , O
RBF NNP O
) -RRB- O
increased VBD O
during IN O
fenoldopam NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
11 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
7 CD O
per NN O
cent NN O
and CC O
decreased VBD O
21 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
8 CD O
per NN O
cent NN O
during IN O
sodium NN O
nitroprusside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sodium NN O
nitroprusside NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
arteriolar JJ O
and CC O
venous JJ O
vasodilator NN O
that WDT O
can MD O
produce VB O
redistribution NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
flow VB O
away RB O
from IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
during IN O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fenoldopam NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
selective JJ O
dopamine NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
( HYPH O
DA1 NN O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
that WDT O
causes VBZ O
vasodilatation NN O
to IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
and CC O
other JJ O
organs NNS O
with IN O
DA1 NN O
receptors NNS O
and CC O
preserves VBZ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
to IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
during IN O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizures NNS B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
levofloxacin NN O
: : O
case NN O
presentation NN O
and CC O
literature NN O
review NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
We PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
seizures NNS B-Disease
shortly RB O
after IN O
initiating VBG O
treatment NN O
with IN O
levofloxacin NN O
and CC O
to TO O
discuss VB O
the DT O
potential JJ O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
interactions NNS O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
cytochrome NN O
P450 NNP O
( -LRB- O
CYP NNP O
) -RRB- O
1A2 CD O
in IN O
this DT O
case NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
in IN O
other JJ O
cases NNS O
, , O
of IN O
levofloxacin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Several JJ O
biomedical JJ O
databases NNS O
were VBD O
searched VBN O
including VBG O
MEDLINE NNP O
, , O
Cochrane NNP O
and CC O
Ovid NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
main JJ O
search NN O
terms NNS O
utilized VBN O
were VBD O
case NN O
report NN O
and CC O
levofloxacin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
search NN O
was VBD O
limited VBN O
to IN O
studies NNS O
published VBN O
in IN O
English NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Six CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
levofloxacin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drug NN O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
interactions NNS O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
CYP1A2 NNP O
by IN O
levofloxacin NN O
are VBP O
likely RB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
outcome NN O
of IN O
these DT O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Clinicians NNS O
are VBP O
exhorted VBN O
to TO O
pay VB O
close JJ O
attention NN O
when WRB O
initiating VBG O
levofloxacin NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
taking VBG O
medications NNS O
with IN O
epileptogenic JJ O
properties NNS O
that WDT O
are VBP O
CYP1A2 NNP O
substrates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dextran NNP O
- HYPH O
etodolac NNP O
conjugates NNS O
: : O
synthesis NN O
, , O
in IN O
vitro NN O
and CC O
in IN O
vivo NN O
evaluation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Etodolac NNP O
( , O
E NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
is VBZ O
a DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
narcotic JJ O
analgesic JJ O
and CC O
antiinflammatory JJ O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
biodegradable JJ O
polymer NN O
dextran NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
utilized VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
carrier NN O
for IN O
synthesis NN O
of IN O
etodolac JJ O
- HYPH O
dextran NN O
conjugates NNS O
( -LRB- O
ED NN O
) -RRB- O
to TO O
improve VB O
its PRP$ O
aqueous JJ O
solubility NN O
and CC O
reduce VB O
gastrointestinal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
activated VBN O
moiety NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
e ADD O
. . O
N NN O
- HYPH O
acylimidazole NN O
derivative NN O
of IN O
etodolac NN O
( , O
EAI NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
was VBD O
condensed VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
polysaccharide NN O
polymer NN O
dextran NN O
of IN O
different JJ O
molecular JJ O
weights NNS O
( , O
40000 CD O
, , O
60000 CD O
, , O
110000 CD O
and CC O
200000 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
IR NNP O
spectral JJ O
data NNS O
confirmed VBD O
formation NN O
of IN O
ester NN O
bonding NN O
in IN O
the DT O
conjugates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Etodolac JJ O
contents NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
by IN O
UV NNP O
- HYPH O
spectrophotometric JJ O
analysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
molecular JJ O
weights NNS O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
by IN O
measuring VBG O
viscosity NN O
using VBG O
the DT O
Mark NNP O
- HYPH O
Howink NNP O
- HYPH O
Sakurada NNP O
equation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vitro FW O
hydrolysis NN O
of IN O
ED NN O
was VBD O
done VBN O
in IN O
aqueous JJ O
buffers NNS O
( , O
pH NN O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
, , O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
in IN O
80 CD O
% NN O
( HYPH O
v NN O
/ SYM O
v NN O
) SYM O
human JJ O
plasma NN O
( , O
pH NN O
7 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
pH NN O
9 CD O
, , O
a DT O
higher JJR O
rate NN O
of IN O
etodolac JJ O
release NN O
from IN O
ED NNP O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
aqueous JJ O
buffer NN O
of IN O
pH NN O
7 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
and CC O
80 CD O
% NN O
human JJ O
plasma NN O
( , O
pH NN O
7 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
following VBG O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
order NN O
kinetics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vivo NN O
investigations NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
analgesic JJ O
and CC O
antiinflammatory JJ O
activities NNS O
were VBD O
ascertained VBN O
using VBG O
acetic JJ O
acid NN O
induced VBN O
writhing NN B-Disease
model NN O
( , O
mice NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
carrageenan NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rat NN O
paw NN O
edema NN B-Disease
model NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
comparison NN O
to IN O
control NN O
, , O
E NN O
and CC O
ED1 NNP O
- HYPH O
ED4 NNP O
showed VBD O
highly RB O
significant JJ O
analgesic JJ O
and CC O
antiinflammatory JJ O
activities NNS O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Biological JJ O
evaluation NN O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
conjugates NNS O
( -LRB- O
ED1 NNP O
- HYPH O
ED4 NNP O
) -RRB- O
retained VBD O
comparable JJ O
analgesic JJ O
and CC O
antiinflammatory JJ O
activities NNS O
with IN O
remarkably RB O
reduced VBN O
ulcerogenicity NN O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
their PRP$ O
parent JJ O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
etodolac NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
effect NN O
and CC O
possible JJ O
ionic JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
pilocarpine NN O
on IN O
animal NN O
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
pilocarpine NN O
and CC O
explore VB O
the DT O
underlying VBG O
ionic JJ O
mechanism NN O
, , O
using VBG O
both CC O
aconitine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rat NN O
and CC O
ouabain NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
guinea NN O
pig NN O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Confocal JJ O
microscopy NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
measure VB O
intracellular JJ O
free JJ O
- HYPH O
calcium NN O
concentrations NNS O
( , O
[ -LRB- O
Ca NN O
( , O
2 CD O
+ CC O
) -RRB- O
] -RRB- O
( , O
i PRP O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
isolated VBN O
myocytes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
current JJ O
data NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
pilocarpine NN O
significantly RB O
delayed VBD O
onset NN O
of IN O
arrhythmias NNS B-Disease
, , O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
time NN O
course NN O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
, , O
reduced VBD O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
score NN O
, , O
and CC O
increased VBD O
the DT O
survival NN O
time NN O
of IN O
arrhythmic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
and CC O
guinea NN O
pigs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
[ -LRB- O
Ca NN O
( , O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
) NFP O
] -RRB- O
( , O
i LS O
) -RRB- O
overload NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
aconitine NN O
or CC O
ouabain NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
isolated VBN O
myocytes NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
pilocarpine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
M NNP O
( , O
3 CD O
) NN O
- HYPH O
muscarinic JJ O
acetylcholine NN O
receptor NN O
( -LRB- O
mAChR NN O
) -RRB- O
antagonist NN O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
DAMP NNP O
( SYM O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
diphenylacetoxy NN O
- HYPH O
N NN O
- HYPH O
methylpiperidine NN O
- HYPH O
methiodide NN O
) -RRB- O
partially RB O
abolished VBD O
the DT O
beneficial JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
pilocarpine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
pilocarpine NN O
produced VBD O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
actions NNS O
on IN O
arrhythmic JJ B-Disease
rat NN O
and CC O
guinea NN O
pig NN O
models NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
aconitine NN O
or CC O
ouabain NN O
via IN O
stimulating VBG O
the DT O
cardiac JJ O
M NNP O
( HYPH O
3 CD O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
mAChR NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
may MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
improvement NN O
of IN O
Ca NN O
( : O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
) -RRB- O
handling NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
Hibiscus NNP O
rosa NN O
sinensis NN O
on IN O
reserpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurobehavioral JJ O
and CC O
biochemical JJ O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
methanolic JJ O
extract NN O
of IN O
Hibiscus NNP O
rosa NNP O
sinensis NN O
( : O
100 CD O
- SYM O
300 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
on IN O
reserpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
orofacial JJ O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
and CC O
neurochemical JJ O
alterations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
intraperitoneal JJ O
reserpine NN O
( : O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
ip NN O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
3 CD O
days NNS O
every DT O
other JJ O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
day NN O
5 CD O
, , O
vacuous JJ O
chewing NN O
movements NNS O
and CC O
tongue NN O
protrusions NNS O
were VBD O
counted VBN O
for IN O
5 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reserpine NN O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
significantly RB O
developed VBD O
vacuous JJ O
chewing NN O
movements NNS O
and CC O
tongue NN O
protrusions NNS O
however RB O
, , O
coadministration NN O
of IN O
Hibiscus NNP O
rosa NN O
sinensis NN O
roots NNS O
extract NN O
( , O
100 CD O
, , O
200 CD O
and CC O
300 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
per IN O
orally RB O
) -RRB- O
attenuated VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Biochemical JJ O
analysis NN O
of IN O
brain NN O
revealed VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
reserpine JJ O
treatment NN O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
and CC O
decreased VBN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
superoxide NN O
dismutase NN O
( -LRB- O
SOD NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
catalase NN O
( , O
CAT NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
glutathione NN O
reductase NN O
( -LRB- O
GSH NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
index NN O
of IN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coadministration NN O
of IN O
extract NN O
significantly RB O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
and CC O
reversed VBD O
the DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
brain NN O
SOD NNP O
, , O
CAT NNP O
and CC O
GSH NNP O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
Hibiscus NNP O
rosa NN O
sinensis NN O
had VBD O
a DT O
protective JJ O
role NN O
against IN O
reserpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
orofacial JJ O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
and CC O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dynamic JJ O
response NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
vessel NN O
in IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
we PRP O
postulated VBD O
that IN O
during IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
gentamicin NN O
the DT O
transient JJ O
or CC O
dynamic JJ O
response NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
vessels NNS O
could MD O
be VB O
affected VBN O
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
antioxidants NNS O
can MD O
prevent VB O
the DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
dynamic JJ O
responses NNS O
of IN O
blood NN O
vessels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
new JJ O
approach NN O
to IN O
ex JJ O
vivo NN O
blood NN O
vessel NN O
experiments NNS O
in IN O
which WDT O
not RB O
only RB O
the DT O
end NN O
points NNS O
of IN O
vessels NNS O
response NN O
within IN O
the DT O
time NN O
interval NN O
is VBZ O
considered VBN O
, , O
but CC O
also RB O
dynamics NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
response NN O
, , O
was VBD O
used VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
paper NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
confirm VBP O
the DT O
alteration NN O
in IN O
dynamic JJ O
response NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
vessels NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
change NN O
of IN O
pressure NN O
in IN O
gentamicin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
beneficial JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
C NN O
administration NN O
to IN O
gentamicin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
are VBP O
also RB O
confirmed VBN O
through IN O
: : O
lower JJR O
level NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
urea NN O
and CC O
creatinine NN O
and CC O
higher JJR O
level NN O
of IN O
potassium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pressure NN O
dynamic JJ O
responses NNS O
of IN O
isolated VBN O
blood NN O
vessels NNS O
show VBP O
a DT O
faster JJR O
pressure NN O
change NN O
in IN O
gentamicin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
( , O
8 CD O
. . O
07 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
s NN O
vs IN O
. . O
5 CD O
. . O
64 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
18 CD O
s NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vitamin NN O
C NN O
administration NN O
induced VBN O
slowdown NN O
of IN O
pressure NN O
change NN O
back RB O
to IN O
the DT O
control NN O
values NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pressure NN O
dynamic JJ O
properties NNS O
, , O
quantitatively RB O
defined VBN O
by IN O
comparative JJ O
pressure NN O
dynamic JJ O
and CC O
total JJ O
pressure NN O
dynamic NN O
, , O
confirm VBP O
the DT O
alteration NN O
in IN O
dynamic JJ O
response NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
vessels NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
change NN O
of IN O
pressure NN O
in IN O
gentamicin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
and CC O
beneficial JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
vitamin NN O
C NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reversible JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
hypertrophy NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
tacrolimus NN O
in IN O
a DT O
pediatric JJ O
heart NN O
transplant NN O
recipient NN O
: : O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tacrolimus NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
potent JJ O
immunosuppressant NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
frequently RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
organ NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
include VBP O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Herein RB O
we PRP O
describe VBP O
transient JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
hypertrophy NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
tacrolimus NN O
after IN O
heart NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hypertrophy NN B-Disease
caused VBD O
no DT O
clinical JJ O
symptoms NNS O
but CC O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
because IN O
of IN O
elevation NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
brain NN O
natriuretic JJ O
peptide NN O
concentration NN O
and CC O
confirmed VBN O
at IN O
echocardiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Initially RB O
, , O
allograft NN O
rejection NN O
was VBD O
feared VBN O
; : O
however RB O
, , O
myocardial JJ O
biopsy NN O
samples NNS O
revealed VBD O
only RB O
interstitial JJ O
edema NN B-Disease
and CC O
mild JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
hypertrophy NN I-Disease
; : O
neither CC O
cellular JJ O
nor CC O
humoral JJ O
rejection NN O
was VBD O
detected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
blood NN O
tacrolimus NN O
concentration NN O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
usual JJ O
at IN O
that DT O
time NN O
; : O
thus RB O
, , O
tacrolimus NN O
dosage NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myocardial JJ B-Disease
hypertrophy NN I-Disease
completely RB O
resolved VBN O
upon IN O
reducing VBG O
the DT O
target NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
tacrolimus NN O
and CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
recur VB O
, , O
as IN O
confirmed VBN O
at IN O
echocardiography NN O
and CC O
myocardial JJ O
biopsy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
we PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
tacrolimus NN O
induces VBZ O
reversible JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
hypertrophy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
tacrolimus NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
blood NN O
concentration NN O
should MD O
be VB O
carefully RB O
controlled VBN O
and CC O
extreme JJ O
attention NN O
paid VBN O
to IN O
cardiac JJ O
involvement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nimodipine NN O
prevents VBZ O
memory NN B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
adult NN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
resultant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
cerebral JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
tested VBD O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
nimodipine NN O
( , O
NIMO NNP O
) -RRB- O
administered VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
nitroglycerin NN O
( , O
NTG NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
would MD O
preserve VB O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
associative JJ O
memory NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
( -LRB- O
PA NN O
) -RRB- O
paradigm NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
assess VB O
memory NN O
retention NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
PA NN O
training NN O
, , O
latencies NNS O
( , O
seconds NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
for IN O
entry NN O
from IN O
a DT O
suspended VBN O
platform NN O
into IN O
a DT O
Plexiglas NNP O
tube NN O
where WRB O
a DT O
shock NN O
was VBD O
automatically RB O
delivered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Latencies NNS O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
48 CD O
h NN O
later RB O
for IN O
a DT O
testing NN O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ninety CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
Swiss NNP O
- HYPH O
Webster NNP O
mice NN O
( : O
30 CD O
- SYM O
35 CD O
g CD O
, , O
6 CD O
- SYM O
8 CD O
wk NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
into IN O
6 CD O
groups NNS O
1 CD O
) SYM O
saline NN O
( HYPH O
control NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
2 CD O
) SYM O
NTG NN O
immediately RB O
after IN O
learning NN O
, , O
3 CD O
) SYM O
NTG NNP O
3 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
learning NN O
, , O
4 CD O
) SYM O
NTG NNP O
and CC O
NIMO NNP O
, , O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
vehicle NN O
, , O
and CC O
6 CD O
) SYM O
NIMO NNP O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
changes NNS O
in IN O
brain NN O
tissue NN O
oxygenation NN O
( , O
PbtO NNP O
( , O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
in IN O
cerebral JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
separate JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
All DT O
groups NNS O
exhibited VBD O
similar JJ O
training NN O
latencies NNS O
( : O
17 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
s NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mice NNS O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
latency NN O
time NN O
( : O
178 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
156 CD O
s NNS O
) , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
injected VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
, , O
NTG NNP O
+ CC O
NIMO NNP O
, , O
or CC O
delayed VBN O
NTG NNP O
( SYM O
580 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
81 CD O
s NNS O
, , O
557 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
67 CD O
s NNS O
, , O
and CC O
493 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
146 CD O
s NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
Kruskal NNP O
- HYPH O
Wallis NNP O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
way NN O
analysis NN O
of IN O
variance NN O
indicated VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
among IN O
the DT O
4 CD O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
( -LRB- O
H NN O
= SYM O
15 CD O
. . O
34 CD O
; : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
separate JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
mice NNS O
not RB O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
behavioral JJ O
studies NNS O
, , O
the DT O
same JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
NTG NNP O
( : O
n NNP O
= SYM O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
NTG NNP O
+ CC O
NIMO NNP O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
caused VBD O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
to TO O
decrease VB O
from IN O
85 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
sem NN O
to IN O
31 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
sem NN O
and CC O
from IN O
86 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
sem NN O
to IN O
32 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
sem UH O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
NIMO NNP O
alone RB O
decreased VBD O
from IN O
88 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
to IN O
80 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
intergroup NN O
difference NN O
was VBD O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PbtO NNP O
( : O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
decreased VBD O
from IN O
51 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
sem NN O
to IN O
33 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
sem NN O
in IN O
the DT O
NTG NNP O
group NN O
and CC O
from IN O
38 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
sem NN O
to IN O
25 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
sem NN O
in IN O
the DT O
NTG NNP O
+ SYM O
NIMO NNP O
groups NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
among IN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
In IN O
a DT O
PA NN O
retention NN O
paradigm NN O
, , O
the DT O
injection NN O
of IN O
NTG NNP O
immediately RB O
after IN O
learning VBG O
produced VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
impairment NN O
of IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
associative JJ O
memory NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
delayed VBN O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NIMO NNP O
attenuated VBD O
the DT O
disruption NN O
in IN O
consolidation NN O
of IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
memory NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
NTG NNP O
but CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
improve VB O
latency NN O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
observed JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
NIMO NNP O
may MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
attributable JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
preservation NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
homeostasis NN O
during IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
because IN O
there EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
differences NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
PbtO NNP O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) SYM O
indices NNS O
among IN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metabotropic JJ O
glutamate NN O
7 CD O
receptor NN O
subtype NN O
modulates VBZ O
motor NN O
symptoms NNS O
in IN O
rodent NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metabotropic JJ O
glutamate NN O
( , O
mGlu NNP O
) -RRB- O
receptors NNS O
modulate VBP O
synaptic JJ O
transmission NN O
in IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
and CC O
represent VBP O
promising JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
targets NNS O
for IN O
symptomatic JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
PD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
the DT O
eight CD O
mGlu NN O
receptor NN O
subtypes NNS O
, , O
mGlu7 NNP O
receptor NN O
is VBZ O
prominently RB O
expressed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
basal JJ O
ganglia NN O
, , O
but CC O
its PRP$ O
role NN O
in IN O
restoring VBG O
motor NN O
function NN O
in IN O
animal NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
PD NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
known VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
N NNP O
, , O
N NNP O
' '' O
- HYPH O
dibenzhydrylethane NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
diamine NN O
dihydrochloride NN O
( -LRB- O
AMN082 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
first JJ O
selective JJ O
allosteric JJ O
activator NN O
of IN O
mGlu7 NN O
receptors NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
thus RB O
tested VBN O
in IN O
different JJ O
rodent NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
PD NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
, , O
we PRP O
show VBP O
that IN O
oral JJ O
( , O
5 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
intrastriatal JJ O
administration NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
nmol NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
AMN082 NN O
reverses VBZ O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AMN082 NNP O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
and CC O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
reduces VBZ O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rotations NNS O
in IN O
unilateral JJ O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxydopamine NN O
( -LRB- O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
OHDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
lesioned VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
more RBR O
complex JJ O
task NN O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
major JJ O
akinetic JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
PD NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
5 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
AMN082 NN O
reverses VBZ O
the DT O
increased VBN O
reaction NN O
time NN O
to TO O
respond VB O
to IN O
a DT O
cue NN O
of IN O
bilateral JJ O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
OHDA NNP O
- HYPH O
lesioned VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
AMN082 NNP O
reduces VBZ O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
mGlu7 NNP O
receptor NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
in IN O
wild JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
but CC O
not RB O
mGlu7 NN O
receptor NN O
knockout NN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Higher JJR O
doses NNS O
of IN O
AMN082 NNP O
( SYM O
10 CD O
and CC O
20 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
p NN O
. . O
o -RRB- O
. . O
) -RRB- O
have VBP O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
models NNS O
of IN O
PD NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Overall RB O
these DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
mGlu7 NNP O
receptor NN O
activation NN O
can MD O
reverse VB O
motor NN O
dysfunction NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
reduced VBN O
dopamine NN O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Selective JJ O
ligands NNS O
of IN O
mGlu7 NNP O
receptor NN O
subtypes NNS O
may MD O
thus RB O
be VB O
considered VBN O
as RB O
promising JJ O
compounds NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
antiparkinsonian JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
strategies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sorafenib NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
65 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
was VBD O
admitted VBN O
due IN O
to IN O
continuing VBG O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
at IN O
rest NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
weeks NNS O
before IN O
his PRP$ O
admission NN O
, , O
sorafenib NN O
had VBD O
been VBN O
started VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
was VBD O
diagnosed VBN O
with IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
ST NN O
- HYPH O
elevation NN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
by IN O
laboratory NN O
data NNS O
and CC O
electrocardiogram NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Enhanced VBN O
heart NN O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
also RB O
showed VBD O
subendocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
stenosis NN O
in IN O
coronary JJ O
arteries NNS O
on IN O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
provocative JJ O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cessation NN O
of IN O
sorafenib NN O
and CC O
administration NN O
of IN O
Ca NN O
- HYPH O
channel NN O
blocker NN O
and CC O
nitrates NNS O
ameliorated VBD O
his PRP$ O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
but CC O
relapse NN O
occurred VBD O
after IN O
resumption NN O
of IN O
sorafenib NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Addition NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
nicorandil NN O
reduced VBD O
his PRP$ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
maintained VBD O
stable JJ B-Disease
angina NN I-Disease
status NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
sorafenib NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sorafenib NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
multikinase JJ O
inhibitor NN O
that WDT O
targets VBZ O
signaling VBG O
pathways NNS O
necessary JJ O
for IN O
cellular JJ O
proliferation NN O
and CC O
survival NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
the DT O
Rho NNP O
/ SYM O
ROCK NNP O
pathway NN O
has VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
report NN O
may MD O
show VB O
an DT O
adverse JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
Rho NNP O
/ SYM O
ROCK NNP O
pathway NN O
by IN O
sorafenib NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
novel JJ O
animal NN O
model NN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
ability NN O
of IN O
a DT O
drug NN O
delivery NN O
system NN O
to TO O
promote VB O
the DT O
passage NN O
through IN O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
investigation NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
explore VB O
the DT O
potentiality NN O
of IN O
a DT O
novel JJ O
animal NN O
model NN O
to TO O
be VB O
used VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
in IN O
vivo NN O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ability NN O
of IN O
a DT O
drug NN O
delivery NN O
system NN O
to TO O
promote VB O
the DT O
passage NN O
through IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
( , O
BBB NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
to TO O
improve VB O
the DT O
brain NN O
localization NN O
of IN O
a DT O
bioactive JJ O
compound NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
Tween NNP O
80 CD O
- HYPH O
coated JJ O
poly NN O
- HYPH O
L NN O
- HYPH O
lactid NN O
acid NN O
nanoparticles NNS O
was VBD O
used VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
model NN O
of IN O
colloidal JJ O
drug NN O
delivery NN O
system NN O
, , O
able JJ O
to TO O
trespass VB O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tacrine NNP O
, , O
administered VBN O
in IN O
LiCl NNP O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
induces VBZ O
electrocorticographic JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
delayed VBD O
hippocampal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
tacrine NN O
- HYPH O
loaded VBN O
poly NN O
- HYPH O
L NN O
- HYPH O
lactid NN O
acid NN O
nanoparticles NNS O
( : O
5mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
saline JJ O
solution NN O
of IN O
tacrine NN O
( : O
5mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
an DT O
empty JJ O
colloidal JJ O
nanoparticle NN O
suspension NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
following VBG O
i : O
. . O
p LS O
. . O
administration NN O
in IN O
LiCl NNP O
- HYPH O
pre NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All PDT O
the DT O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
tacrine NN O
- HYPH O
loaded VBN O
nanoparticles NNS O
showed VBD O
an DT O
earlier JJR O
outcome NN O
of IN O
CNS NNP O
adverse JJ O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
e LS O
. . O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
onset NN O
, , O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
those DT O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
free JJ O
compound NN O
( , O
10 CD O
min NN O
vs NN O
. . O
22 CD O
min NN O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
tacrine NN O
- HYPH O
loaded VBN O
nanoparticles NNS O
administration NN O
induced VBN O
damage NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
neuronal JJ I-Disease
cells NNS I-Disease
in IN O
CA1 NN O
field NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
in IN O
all DT O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
saline JJ O
solution NN O
of IN O
tacrine NN O
only RB O
in IN O
60 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Empty JJ O
nanoparticles NNS O
provided VBD O
similar JJ O
results NNS O
to TO O
control VB O
( : O
saline NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
) -RRB- O
group NN O
of IN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
the DT O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
time NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
onset NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
neurodegenerative JJ O
processes NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
tacrine NN O
- HYPH O
lithium NN O
model NN O
of IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
, , O
could MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
preliminarily RB O
the DT O
capability NN O
of IN O
a DT O
drug NN O
delivery NN O
system NN O
to TO O
trespass VB O
( , O
or CC O
not RB O
) : O
the DT O
BBB NNP O
in IN O
vivo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
tranexamic JJ O
Acid NNP O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
nonischemic JJ O
clinical JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
cardiac JJ O
surgical JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
In IN O
2 CD O
separate JJ O
centers NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
observed VBD O
a DT O
notable JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ O
convulsive JJ B-Disease
seizures NNS B-Disease
from IN O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
having VBG O
undergone VBN O
major JJ O
cardiac JJ O
surgical JJ O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
events NNS O
were VBD O
temporally RB O
coincident JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
tranexamic JJ O
acid NN O
( , O
TXA NNP O
) -RRB- O
therapy NN O
after IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
aprotinin NN O
from IN O
general JJ O
clinical JJ O
usage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
review NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
perform VB O
a DT O
retrospective JJ O
analysis NN O
to TO O
examine VB O
whether IN O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
relation NN O
between IN O
TXA NNP O
usage NN O
and CC O
seizures NNS B-Disease
after IN O
cardiac JJ O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
An DT O
in IN O
- HYPH O
depth NN O
chart NN O
review NN O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
24 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
perioperative JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electroencephalographic JJ O
activity NN O
was VBD O
recorded VBN O
in IN O
11 CD O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
and CC O
all DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
formal JJ O
neurological JJ O
evaluation NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
imaging NN O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
24 CD O
patients NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
have VB O
evidence NN O
of IN O
new JJ O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
ischemic JJ I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
, , O
but CC O
seizures NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
likely JJ O
due JJ O
to IN O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
brain NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
in IN O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
have VB O
permanent JJ O
neurological JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
24 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
received VBD O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
TXA NNP O
intraoperatively RB O
ranging VBG O
from IN O
61 CD O
to IN O
259 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
had VBD O
a DT O
mean JJ O
age NN O
of IN O
69 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
and CC O
21 CD O
of IN O
24 CD O
had VBD O
undergone VBN O
open JJ O
chamber NN O
rather RB O
than IN O
coronary JJ O
bypass NN O
procedures NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
but IN O
one CD O
patient NN O
were VBD O
managed VBN O
using VBG O
cardiopulmonary JJ O
bypass NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
evidence NN O
of IN O
brain NN B-Disease
ischemic JJ I-Disease
, , O
metabolic JJ O
, , O
or CC O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
causes NNS O
for IN O
their PRP$ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
was VBD O
apparent JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
use NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
TXA NNP O
in IN O
older JJR O
patients NNS O
in IN O
conjunction NN O
with IN O
cardiopulmonary JJ O
bypass NN O
and CC O
open JJ O
- HYPH O
chamber NN O
cardiac JJ O
surgery NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
susceptible JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electrocardiographic JJ O
changes NNS O
and CC O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
psychotropic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
cardiac JJ O
manifestations NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
life NN O
- HYPH O
threatening VBG O
in IN O
five CD O
while IN O
taking VBG O
psychotropic JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
either CC O
phenothiazines NNS O
or CC O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
most JJS O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
receiving VBG O
several JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
Mellaril NNP O
( : O
thioridazine NN O
) -RRB- O
appeared VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
five CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
, , O
one CD O
of IN O
which WDT O
was VBD O
fatal JJ O
in IN O
a DT O
35 CD O
year NN O
old JJ O
woman NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Supraventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
in IN O
one CD O
patient NN O
receiving VBG O
Thorazine NN O
( , O
chlorpromazine NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aventyl NNP O
( : O
nortriptyline NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
Elavil NNP O
( -LRB- O
amitriptyline NN O
) -RRB- O
each DT O
produced VBD O
left JJ B-Disease
bundle NN I-Disease
branch NN I-Disease
block NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
73 CD O
year NN O
old JJ O
woman NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electrocardiographic JJ O
T NN O
and CC O
U NN O
wave NN O
abnormalities NNS O
were VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
most JJS O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NN I-Disease
responded VBD O
to IN O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
and CC O
to IN O
direct JJ O
current JJ O
electric JJ O
shock NN O
; , O
ventricular JJ O
pacing NN O
was VBD O
required VBN O
in IN O
some DT O
instances NNS O
and CC O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
propranolol NN O
combined VBN O
with IN O
ventricular JJ O
pacing NN O
in IN O
one CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
tachyarrhythmias NNS B-Disease
generally RB O
subsided VBD O
within IN O
48 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drugs NNS O
was VBD O
stopped VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
of IN O
the DT O
eight CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
50 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
or CC O
younger JJR O
; : O
only RB O
one CD O
clearly RB O
had VBD O
antecedent JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Major JJ O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
are VBP O
a DT O
potential JJ O
hazard NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
without IN O
heart NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
who WP O
are VBP O
receiving VBG O
customary JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
psychotropic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
prospective JJ O
clinical JJ O
trial NN O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
to TO O
quantify VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
to IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
phenothiazines NNS O
or CC O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressant JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sensitivity NN O
of IN O
erythroid NN O
progenitor NN O
colonies NNS O
to IN O
erythropoietin NN O
in IN O
azidothymidine NN O
treated VBD O
immunodeficient JJ B-Disease
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
anaemia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
3 CD O
' '' O
- HYPH O
azido NNP O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
' '' O
dideoxythymidine NN O
( -LRB- O
AZT NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
poorly RB O
understood VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
used VBN O
a DT O
murine NN O
model NN O
of IN O
AIDS NN B-Disease
, , O
infection NN B-Disease
of IN O
female JJ O
C57BL NNP O
/ SYM O
6 CD O
mice NNS O
with IN O
LP NNP O
- HYPH O
BM5 NNP O
murine NN O
leukaemia NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
MuLV NNP O
) -RRB- O
virus NN O
, , O
to TO O
determine VB O
if IN O
AZT NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anaemia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
due JJ O
, , O
in IN O
part NN O
, , O
to IN O
decreased VBN O
responsiveness NN O
of IN O
erythropoietic JJ O
precursors NNS O
( , O
BFU NN O
- HYPH O
e NN O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
erythropoietin NN O
( , O
EPO NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mice NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
stage NN O
of IN O
LP NNP O
- HYPH O
BM5 NNP O
MuLV NNP O
disease NN O
were VBD O
given VBN O
AZT NNP O
in IN O
their PRP$ O
drinking NN O
water NN O
at IN O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AZT NNP O
produced VBD O
anaemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
, , O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
fashion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
the DT O
anaemia NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
splenic JJ O
and CC O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
BFU NNP O
- HYPH O
e NN O
in IN O
AZT NNP O
treated VBN O
mice NNS O
increased VBD O
up IN O
to IN O
five CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
over IN O
levels NNS O
observed VBN O
in IN O
infected VBN O
untreated JJ O
animals NNS O
after IN O
15 CD O
d NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Colony NN O
formation NN O
by IN O
splenic JJ O
and CC O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
BFUe NNP O
was VBD O
stimulated VBN O
at IN O
lower JJR O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
EPO NNP O
in IN O
mice NNS O
receiving VBG O
AZT NNP O
for IN O
15 CD O
d NN O
than IN O
for IN O
infected JJ O
, , O
untreated JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
day NN O
30 CD O
, , O
sensitivity NN O
of IN O
both CC O
splenic JJ O
and CC O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
BFU NNP O
- HYPH O
e NN O
of IN O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
returned VBN O
to IN O
that DT O
observed VBN O
from IN O
cells NNS O
of IN O
infected VBN O
untreated JJ O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
EPO NNP O
observed VBN O
in IN O
AZT NNP O
treated VBD O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
appropriate JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
anaemia NN B-Disease
observed VBN O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
with IN O
phenylhydrazine NN O
( -LRB- O
PHZ NN O
) -RRB- O
treated VBN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
numbers NNS O
of IN O
BFU NNP O
- HYPH O
e NN O
and CC O
the DT O
percentage NN O
of IN O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
erythroblasts NNS O
observed VBN O
were VBD O
comparable JJ O
in IN O
AZT NNP O
and CC O
PHZ NNP O
treated VBN O
mice NNS O
with IN O
similar JJ O
degrees NNS O
of IN O
anaemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
reticulocytosis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
inappropriate JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
anaemia NN B-Disease
observed VBN O
in IN O
AZT NNP O
treated VBN O
infected JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AZT NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
peripheral JJ O
anaemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
face NN O
of IN O
increased VBN O
numbers NNS O
of IN O
BFU NNP O
- HYPH O
e NN O
and CC O
increased VBN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
plasma NN O
EPO NNP O
suggest VBP O
a DT O
lesion NN O
in IN O
terminal JJ O
differentiation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sedation NN O
depth NN O
during IN O
spinal JJ O
anesthesia NN O
and CC O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
delirium NN I-Disease
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
hip JJ B-Disease
fracture NN I-Disease
repair NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
limiting VBG O
intraoperative JJ O
sedation NN O
depth NN O
during IN O
spinal JJ O
anesthesia NN O
for IN O
hip NN B-Disease
fracture NN I-Disease
repair NN O
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
can MD O
decrease VB O
the DT O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
delirium NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
performed VBD O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
at IN O
an DT O
academic JJ O
medical JJ O
center NN O
of IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
( : O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
65 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
without IN O
preoperative JJ O
delirium NN B-Disease
or CC O
severe JJ O
dementia NN B-Disease
who WP O
underwent VBD O
hip JJ B-Disease
fracture NN I-Disease
repair NN O
under IN O
spinal JJ O
anesthesia NN O
with IN O
propofol NN O
sedation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sedation NN O
depth NN O
was VBD O
titrated VBN O
using VBG O
processed VBN O
electroencephalography NN O
with IN O
the DT O
bispectral JJ O
index NN O
( , O
BIS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
either CC O
deep JJ O
( HYPH O
BIS NNP O
, , O
approximately RB O
50 CD O
) SYM O
or CC O
light JJ O
( HYPH O
BIS NNP O
, , O
> SYM O
or CC O
= SYM O
80 CD O
) -RRB- O
sedation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postoperative JJ B-Disease
delirium NN I-Disease
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
as IN O
defined VBN O
by IN O
Diagnostic NNP O
and CC O
Statistical NNP O
Manual NNP O
of IN O
Mental NNP B-Disease
Disorders NNPS I-Disease
( -LRB- O
Third NNP O
Edition NNP O
Revised NNP O
) -RRB- O
criteria NNS O
using VBG O
the DT O
Confusion NNP O
Assessment NNP O
Method NNP O
beginning VBG O
at IN O
any DT O
time NN O
from IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
day NN O
after IN O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
From IN O
April NNP O
2 CD O
, , O
2005 CD O
, , O
through IN O
October NNP O
30 CD O
, , O
2008 CD O
, , O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
114 CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
randomized VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
delirium NN I-Disease
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
light JJ O
sedation NN O
group NN O
( , O
11 CD O
/ SYM O
57 CD O
[ -LRB- O
19 CD O
% NN O
] -RRB- O
vs IN O
23 CD O
/ SYM O
57 CD O
[ -LRB- O
40 CD O
% NN O
] -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
deep JJ O
sedation NN O
group NN O
; : O
P NN O
= SYM O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
1 CD O
incident NN O
of IN O
delirium NN B-Disease
will MD O
be VB O
prevented VBN O
for IN O
every DT O
4 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
light JJ O
sedation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SD NN O
number NN O
of IN O
days NNS O
of IN O
delirium NN B-Disease
during IN O
hospitalization NN O
was VBD O
lower JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
light JJ O
sedation NN O
group NN O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
deep JJ O
sedation NN O
group NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
days NNS O
vs IN O
1 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
days NNS O
; : O
P NN O
= : O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
use NN O
of IN O
light JJ O
propofol NN O
sedation NN O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
delirium NN I-Disease
by IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
deep JJ O
sedation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Limiting VBG O
depth NN O
of IN O
sedation NN O
during IN O
spinal JJ O
anesthesia NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
simple JJ O
, , O
safe JJ O
, , O
and CC O
cost NN O
- HYPH O
effective JJ O
intervention NN O
for IN O
preventing VBG O
postoperative JJ B-Disease
delirium NN I-Disease
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
that WDT O
could MD O
be VB O
widely RB O
and CC O
readily RB O
adopted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
protective JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
in IN O
streptozotocin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
Diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
major JJ O
causes NNS O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
production NN O
of IN O
reactive JJ O
oxygen NN O
species NNS O
( , O
ROS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nrf2 NNP O
is VBZ O
the DT O
primary JJ O
transcription NN O
factor NN O
that WDT O
controls VBZ O
the DT O
antioxidant JJ O
response NN O
essential JJ O
for IN O
maintaining VBG O
cellular JJ O
redox NN O
homeostasis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
, , O
we PRP O
report VBP O
our PRP$ O
findings NNS O
demonstrating VBG O
a DT O
protective JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
against IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESEARCH NN O
DESIGN NN O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
explore VBP O
the DT O
protective JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
against IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
using VBG O
human JJ O
kidney NN O
biopsy NN O
tissues NNS O
from IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
a DT O
streptozotocin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
model NN O
in IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
( : O
- : O
/ : O
- : O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
, , O
and CC O
cultured VBN O
human JJ O
mesangial JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
glomeruli NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
were VBD O
under IN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
and CC O
had VBD O
elevated VBN O
Nrf2 NNP O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
animal NN O
study NN O
, , O
Nrf2 NNP O
was VBD O
demonstrated VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
crucial JJ O
in IN O
ameliorating VBG O
streptozotocin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
evident JJ O
by IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
( : O
- HYPH O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
) -RRB- O
mice NNS O
having VBG O
higher JJR O
ROS NNP O
production NN O
and CC O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
greater JJR O
oxidative JJ O
DNA NN O
damage NN O
and CC O
renal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
( : O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
+ NFP O
) NFP O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mechanistic JJ O
studies NNS O
in IN O
both CC O
in IN O
vivo NN O
and CC O
in FW O
vitro FW O
systems NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
Nrf2 NNP O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
protection NN O
against IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
, , O
at IN O
least JJS O
, , O
partially RB O
through IN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
transforming VBG O
growth NN O
factor NN O
- HYPH O
beta1 NN O
( , O
TGF NNP O
- HYPH O
beta1 NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
reduction NN O
of IN O
extracellular JJ O
matrix NN O
production NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
human JJ O
renal JJ O
mesangial JJ O
cells NNS O
, , O
high JJ O
glucose NN O
induced VBN O
ROS NNP O
production NN O
and CC O
activated VBN O
expression NN O
of IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
downstream JJ O
genes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
activation NN O
or CC O
overexpression NN O
of IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
promoter NN O
activity NN O
of IN O
TGF NNP O
- HYPH O
beta1 NNP O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
knockdown NN O
of IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
by IN O
siRNA NNP O
enhanced VBN O
TGF NNP O
- HYPH O
beta1 NN O
transcription NN O
and CC O
fibronectin NN O
production NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
work NN O
clearly RB O
indicates VBZ O
a DT O
protective JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
in IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
dietary JJ O
or CC O
therapeutic JJ O
activation NN O
of IN O
Nrf2 NNP O
could MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
strategy NN O
to TO O
prevent VB O
or CC O
slow VB O
down RP O
the DT O
progression NN O
of IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
nephropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metformin NN O
prevents VBZ O
experimental JJ O
gentamicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
by IN O
a DT O
mitochondria NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
pathway NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
antidiabetic JJ O
drug NN O
metformin NN O
can MD O
diminish VB O
apoptosis NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
oxidative JJ O
stress NN O
in IN O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
and CC O
prevent VB O
vascular JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
even RB O
in IN O
nondiabetic JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
we PRP O
tested VBD O
whether IN O
it PRP O
has VBZ O
a DT O
beneficial JJ O
effect NN O
in IN O
a DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
of IN O
gentamicin JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mitochondrial JJ O
analysis NN O
, , O
respiration NN O
intensity NN O
, , O
levels NNS O
of IN O
reactive JJ O
oxygen NN O
species NNS O
, , O
permeability NN O
transition NN O
, , O
and CC O
cytochrome NN O
c NN O
release NN O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
3 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
gentamicin JJ O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metformin NNP O
treatment NN O
fully RB O
blocked VBD O
gentamicin NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
lower JJR O
activity NN O
of IN O
N NN O
- HYPH O
acetyl NN O
- HYPH O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
D NN O
- HYPH O
glucosaminidase NN O
, , O
together RB O
with IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
of IN O
lipid NN O
peroxidation NN O
and CC O
increase NN O
of IN O
antioxidant JJ O
systems NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Metformin NNP O
also RB O
protected VBD O
the DT O
kidney NN O
from IN O
histological JJ O
damage NN O
6 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
gentamicin JJ O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
in IN O
vivo NN O
markers NNS O
of IN O
kidney NN B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
and CC O
their PRP$ O
correction NN O
by IN O
metformin NN O
were VBD O
complemented VBN O
by IN O
in FW O
vitro FW O
studies NNS O
of IN O
mitochondrial JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
gentamicin NN O
treatment NN O
depleted VBD O
respiratory JJ O
components NNS O
( , O
cytochrome NN O
c NN O
, , O
NADH NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
probably RB O
due JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
opening NN O
of IN O
mitochondrial JJ O
transition NN O
pores NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
injuries NNS O
, , O
partly RB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
rise NN O
in IN O
reactive JJ O
oxygen NN O
species NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
electron NN O
transfer NN O
chain NN O
, , O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
decreased VBN O
by IN O
metformin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
our PRP$ O
study NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
pleiotropic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
metformin NN O
can MD O
lessen VB O
gentamicin JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
improve VB O
mitochondrial JJ O
homeostasis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Risk NN O
of IN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
after IN O
consumption NN O
of IN O
nonionic JJ O
contrast NN O
media NNS O
by IN O
children NNS O
undergoing VBG O
cardiac JJ O
angiography NN O
: : O
a DT O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
increasing VBG O
reports NNS O
on IN O
nonionic JJ O
contrast NN O
media NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
( , O
CIN NNP B-Disease
) , O
in IN O
hospitalized VBN O
adult NN O
patients NNS O
during IN O
cardiac JJ O
procedures NNS O
, , O
the DT O
studies NNS O
in IN O
pediatrics NNS O
are VBP O
limited VBN O
, , O
with IN O
even RB O
less JJR O
focus NN O
on IN O
possible JJ O
predisposing VBG O
factors NNS O
and CC O
preventive JJ O
measures NNS O
for IN O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
cardiac JJ O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
determined VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
CIN NNP B-Disease
for IN O
two CD O
nonionic JJ O
contrast NN O
media NN O
( , O
CM NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
iopromide NN O
and CC O
iohexol NN O
, , O
among IN O
80 CD O
patients NNS O
younger JJR O
than IN O
18 CD O
years NNS O
and CC O
compared VBN O
the DT O
rates NNS O
for IN O
this DT O
complication NN O
in IN O
relation NN O
to IN O
the DT O
type NN O
and CC O
dosage NN O
of IN O
CM NN O
and CC O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
cyanosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
80 CD O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
consecutively RB O
received VBD O
either CC O
iopromide NN O
( HYPH O
group NN O
A NN O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
40 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
iohexol NN O
( HYPH O
group NN O
B NN O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
40 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NNP O
sodium NN O
( , O
Na NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
potassium NN O
( , O
K NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
creatinine NN O
( , O
Cr NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
24 CD O
h NN O
before IN O
angiography NN O
as IN O
baseline NN O
values NNS O
, , O
then RB O
measured VBN O
again RB O
at IN O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
, , O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
, , O
and CC O
48 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
intervals NNS O
after IN O
CM NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urine NN O
samples NNS O
for IN O
Na NNP O
and CC O
Cr NNP O
also RB O
were VBD O
checked VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
intervals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Risk NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
Injury NN B-Disease
to IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
, , O
Failure NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
, , O
Loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
End NN O
- HYPH O
stage NN O
renal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
RIFLE NNP O
criteria NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
define VB O
CIN NNP B-Disease
and CC O
its PRP$ O
incidence NN O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Accordingly RB O
, , O
among IN O
the DT O
15 CD O
CIN NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
( SYM O
18 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
in IN O
group NN O
A NN O
had VBD O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
and CC O
3 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
% NN O
had VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
group NN O
B NN O
had VBD O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
had VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whereas IN O
33 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
with IN O
CIN NNP B-Disease
were VBD O
among IN O
those DT O
who WP O
received VBD O
the DT O
proper JJ O
dosage NN O
of IN O
CM NN O
, , O
the DT O
percentage NN O
increased VBD O
to IN O
66 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
among IN O
those DT O
who WP O
received VBD O
larger JJR O
doses NNS O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
in IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
CIN NN B-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
different JJ O
dosages NNS O
of IN O
CM NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
014 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
the DT O
15 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
CIN NNP B-Disease
, , O
6 CD O
had VBD O
cyanotic JJ O
congenital JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
incidence NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
significantly RB O
from IN O
that DT O
for IN O
the DT O
noncyanotic JJ O
patients NNS O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
243 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
clinically RB O
silent JJ O
, , O
CIN NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
not RB O
rare JJ O
in IN O
pediatrics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
depends VBZ O
on IN O
dosage NN O
but CC O
not RB O
on IN O
the DT O
type NN O
of IN O
consumed VBN O
nonionic JJ O
CM NN O
, , O
nor CC O
on IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
cyanosis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
although IN O
CIN NNP B-Disease
usually RB O
is VBZ O
reversible JJ O
, , O
more JJR O
concern NN O
is VBZ O
needed VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
such PDT O
a DT O
complication NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
hemodynamics NNS O
during IN O
prolonged VBN O
isoflurane NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
humans NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
isoflurane NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
on IN O
glomerular JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
renal JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
20 CD O
human JJ O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
( , O
GFR NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
effective JJ O
renal JJ O
plasma NN O
flow NN O
( , O
ERPF NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
by IN O
inulin NN O
and CC O
para NN O
- HYPH O
aminohippurate NN O
( -LRB- O
PAH NN O
) -RRB- O
clearance NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anesthesia NN O
was VBD O
maintained VBN O
with IN O
fentanyl NN O
, , O
nitrous JJ O
oxide NN O
, , O
oxygen NN O
, , O
and CC O
isoflurane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypotension NN B-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
for IN O
236 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
15 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
min NN O
by IN O
increasing VBG O
the DT O
isoflurane NN O
inspired VBN O
concentration NN O
to TO O
maintain VB O
a DT O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
of IN O
59 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
mmHg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
GFR NNP O
and CC O
ERPF NNP O
decreased VBD O
with IN O
the DT O
induction NN O
of IN O
anesthesia NN O
but CC O
not RB O
significantly RB O
more JJR O
during IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postoperatively RB O
, , O
ERPF NNP O
returned VBD O
to IN O
preoperative JJ O
values NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
GFR NNP O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
preoperative JJ O
values NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
increased VBD O
during IN O
anesthesia NN O
but CC O
decreased VBD O
when WRB O
hypotension NN B-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
, , O
allowing VBG O
the DT O
maintenance NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
renal JJ O
compensatory JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
are VBP O
preserved VBN O
during IN O
isoflurane NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
that IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
hemodynamics NNS O
quickly RB O
return VBP O
to IN O
normal JJ O
when WRB O
normotension NN O
is VBZ O
resumed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Brainstem NN B-Disease
dysgenesis NN I-Disease
in IN O
an DT O
infant NN O
prenatally RB O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
cocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Many JJ O
authors NNS O
described VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
fetus NN O
of IN O
maternal JJ O
cocaine NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vasoconstriction NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
the DT O
common JJ O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
action NN O
leading VBG O
to IN O
a DT O
wide JJ O
range NN O
of IN O
fetal JJ B-Disease
anomalies NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
on IN O
an DT O
infant NN O
with IN O
multiple JJ B-Disease
cranial JJ I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
nerve NN I-Disease
involvement NN I-Disease
attributable JJ O
to IN O
brainstem NN B-Disease
dysgenesis NN I-Disease
, , O
born VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
cocaine NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
addicted VBN I-Disease
mother NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
sectional JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
risperidone NN O
and CC O
selective JJ O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
inhibitors NNS O
on IN O
bone NN O
mineral NN O
density NN O
in IN O
boys NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
risperidone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
on IN O
trabecular JJ O
bone NN O
mineral NN O
density NN O
( , O
BMD NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
children NNS O
and CC O
adolescents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
Medically RB O
healthy JJ O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
to TO O
17 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
males NNS O
chronically RB O
treated VBD O
, , O
in IN O
a DT O
naturalistic JJ O
setting NN O
, , O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
were VBD O
recruited VBN O
for IN O
this DT O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
sectional JJ O
study NN O
through IN O
child NN O
psychiatry NN O
outpatient JJ O
clinics NNS O
between IN O
November NNP O
2005 CD O
and CC O
June NNP O
2007 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anthropometric JJ O
measurements NNS O
and CC O
laboratory NN O
testing NN O
were VBD O
conducted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinical JJ O
diagnoses NNS O
were VBD O
based VBN O
on IN O
chart NN O
review NN O
, , O
and CC O
developmental JJ O
and CC O
treatment NN O
history NN O
was VBD O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
medical JJ O
record NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Volumetric JJ O
BMD NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ultradistal JJ O
radius NN O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
using VBG O
peripheral JJ O
quantitative JJ O
computed VBN O
tomography NN O
, , O
and CC O
areal JJ O
BMD NN O
of IN O
the DT O
lumbar JJ O
spine NN O
was VBD O
estimated VBN O
using VBG O
dual JJ O
- HYPH O
energy NN O
x NN O
- HYPH O
ray NN O
absorptiometry NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
49 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
83 CD O
boys NNS O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
41 CD O
) -RRB- O
treated VBN O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
for IN O
a DT O
mean NN O
of IN O
2 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
testosterone NN O
concentration NN O
increased VBD O
with IN O
pubertal JJ O
status NN O
but CC O
was VBD O
not RB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
expected VBN O
, , O
bone NN O
mineral NN O
content NN O
and CC O
BMD NNP O
increased VBD O
with IN O
sexual JJ O
maturity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
adjusting VBG O
for IN O
the DT O
stage NN O
of IN O
sexual JJ O
development NN O
and CC O
height NN O
and CC O
BMI NN O
z NN O
scores NNS O
, , O
serum NN O
prolactin NN O
was VBD O
negatively RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
trabecular JJ O
volumetric JJ O
BMD NN O
at IN O
the DT O
ultradistal JJ O
radius NN O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
. . O
03 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Controlling VBG O
for IN O
relevant JJ O
covariates NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
also RB O
found VBD O
treatment NN O
with IN O
selective JJ O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
inhibitors NNS O
( , O
SSRIs NNP O
) -RRB- O
to TO O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
lower JJR O
trabecular JJ O
BMD NN O
at IN O
the DT O
radius NN O
( , O
P NN O
= SYM O
. . O
03 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
BMD NN O
z NN O
score NN O
at IN O
the DT O
lumbar NN O
spine NN O
( , O
P NN O
< NN O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
became VBD O
more RBR O
marked JJ O
when WRB O
the DT O
analysis NN O
was VBD O
restricted VBN O
to IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
Hispanic JJ O
white JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
13 CD O
documented VBN O
fractures NNS B-Disease
, , O
3 CD O
occurred VBD O
after IN O
risperidone NN O
and CC O
SSRIs NNS O
were VBD O
started VBN O
, , O
and CC O
none NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
This DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
study NN O
to TO O
link VB O
risperidone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
SSRI NNP O
treatment NN O
to IN O
lower JJR O
BMD NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
and CC O
adolescents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Future JJ O
research NN O
should MD O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
longitudinal JJ O
course NN O
of IN O
this DT O
adverse JJ O
event NN O
to TO O
determine VB O
its PRP$ O
temporal JJ O
stability NN O
and CC O
whether IN O
a DT O
higher JJR O
fracture NN O
rate NN O
ensues VBZ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fear NN O
- HYPH O
potentiated JJ O
startle NN B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
light NN O
- HYPH O
enhanced VBN O
startle NN B-Disease
, , O
is VBZ O
enhanced VBN O
by IN O
anxiogenic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RATIONALE NN O
AND CC O
OBJECTIVES NNS O
: : O
The DT O
light NN O
- HYPH O
enhanced VBN O
startle NN B-Disease
paradigm NN O
( , O
LES NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
to IN O
model NN O
anxiety NN B-Disease
, , O
because IN O
of IN O
the DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
cue NN O
and CC O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
the DT O
fear NN O
- HYPH O
potentiated VBN O
startle NN B-Disease
( , O
FPS NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
to IN O
model NN O
conditioned VBN O
fear NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
pharmacological JJ O
profiles NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
two CD O
paradigms NNS O
are VBP O
very RB O
similar JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
putative JJ O
anxiogenic JJ O
drugs NNS O
on IN O
LES NNP O
and CC O
FPS NNP O
and CC O
aimed VBN O
at IN O
determining VBG O
the DT O
sensitivity NN O
of IN O
LES NNP O
for IN O
anxiogenic JJ O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
to IN O
potentially RB O
showing VBG O
a DT O
pharmacological JJ O
differentiation NN O
between IN O
these DT O
two CD O
paradigms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Male JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
received VBD O
each DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
the DT O
alpha NN O
( , O
2 CD O
) NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
antagonist NN O
yohimbine NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
0mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
( -LRB- O
2C NN O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
m NN O
- HYPH O
chlorophenylpiperazine NN O
( , O
mCPP NNP O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
0mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
the DT O
GABA NNP O
( -LRB- O
A NN O
) -RRB- O
inverse JJ O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
pentylenetetrazole NN O
( , O
PTZ NNP O
, , O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
30mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
were VBD O
subsequently RB O
tested VBN O
in IN O
either CC O
LES NNP O
or CC O
FPS NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drugs NNS O
enhanced VBN O
LES NNP O
, , O
whereas IN O
mCPP NNP O
increased VBD O
percentage NN O
FPS NNP O
and CC O
yohimbine NN O
increased VBD O
absolute JJ O
FPS NNP O
values NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
yohimbine NN O
increased VBD O
baseline NN O
startle NN B-Disease
amplitude NN O
in IN O
the DT O
LES NNP O
, , O
while IN O
mCPP NNP O
suppressed VBD O
baseline NN O
startle NN B-Disease
in IN O
both CC O
the DT O
LES NNP O
and CC O
FPS NNP O
and CC O
PTZ NNP O
suppressed VBN O
baseline NN O
startle NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
FPS NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
findings NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
FPS NNP O
paradigm NN O
, , O
none NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drugs NNS O
were VBD O
able JJ O
to TO O
exacerbate VB O
the DT O
LES NNP O
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
a DT O
clear JJ O
pharmacological JJ O
differentiation NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
between IN O
LES NNP O
and CC O
FPS NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rosaceiform NNP O
dermatitis NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
topical JJ O
tacrolimus NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
herein RB O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
developed VBD O
rosacea NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
dermatitis NN B-Disease
eruptions NNS B-Disease
while IN O
using VBG O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
% NN O
or CC O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
tacrolimus NN O
ointment NN O
for IN O
facial JJ B-Disease
dermatitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Skin NN O
biopsy NN O
specimens NNS O
showed VBD O
telangiectasia NN B-Disease
and CC O
noncaseating JJ O
epithelioid NN O
granulomatous JJ O
tissue NN O
formation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
papillary NN O
to IN O
mid JJ O
dermis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Continuous JJ O
topical JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
immunomodulators NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
tacrolimus NN O
or CC O
pimecrolimus NN O
should MD O
be VB O
regarded VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
potential JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
rosaceiform NN O
dermatitis NN B-Disease
, , O
although IN O
many JJ O
cases NNS O
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coenzyme NNP O
Q10 NNP O
treatment NN O
ameliorates VBZ O
acute JJ O
cisplatin NN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
nephroprotective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
coenzyme NN O
Q10 NNP O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
injection NN O
of IN O
cisplatin NN O
( : O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coenzyme NNP O
Q10 NNP O
treatment NN O
( : O
10 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
applied VBN O
for IN O
6 CD O
consecutive JJ O
days NNS O
, , O
starting VBG O
1 CD O
day NN O
before IN O
cisplatin NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coenzyme NNP O
Q10 NNP O
significantly RB O
reduced VBD O
blood NN O
urea NN O
nitrogen NN O
and CC O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
levels NNS O
which WDT O
were VBD O
increased VBN O
by IN O
cisplatin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coenzyme NNP O
Q10 NNP O
significantly RB O
compensated VBD O
deficits NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
antioxidant NN O
defense NN O
mechanisms NNS O
( , O
reduced VBN O
glutathione NN O
level NN O
and CC O
superoxide NN O
dismutase NN O
activity NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
suppressed VBN O
lipid JJ O
peroxidation NN O
, , O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
elevations NNS O
of IN O
tumor NN B-Disease
necrosis NN B-Disease
factor NN O
- HYPH O
alpha NN O
, , O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
and CC O
platinum NN O
ion NN O
concentration NN O
, , O
and CC O
attenuated VBD O
the DT O
reductions NNS O
of IN O
selenium NN O
and CC O
zinc NN O
ions NNS O
in IN O
renal JJ O
tissue NN O
resulted VBD O
from IN O
cisplatin NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Also RB O
, , O
histopathological JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
tissue NN I-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
mediated VBN O
by IN O
cisplatin NN O
was VBD O
ameliorated VBN O
by IN O
coenzyme NN O
Q10 NNP O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunohistochemical JJ O
analysis NN O
revealed VBD O
that IN O
coenzyme NN O
Q10 NNP O
significantly RB O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
cisplatin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
overexpression NN O
of IN O
inducible JJ O
nitric JJ O
oxide NN O
synthase NN O
, , O
nuclear JJ O
factor NN O
- HYPH O
kappaB NN O
, , O
caspase NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
and CC O
p53 NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
tissue NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
coenzyme NN O
Q10 NNP O
represents VBZ O
a DT O
potential JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
option NN O
to TO O
protect VB O
against IN O
acute JJ O
cisplatin NN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
commonly RB O
encountered VBN O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
practice NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reversible JJ O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
with IN O
bile NN B-Disease
duct NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
following VBG O
azathioprine NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
67 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
patient NN O
, , O
with IN O
primary JJ O
polymyositis NN B-Disease
and CC O
without IN O
previous JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
developed VBD O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
biochemical JJ O
features NNS O
of IN O
severe JJ O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
3 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
azathioprine NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN O
biopsy NN O
showed VBD O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
with IN O
both CC O
cytological JJ O
and CC O
architectural JJ O
alterations NNS O
of IN O
interlobular JJ O
bile NN O
ducts NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Azathioprine NNP O
withdrawal NN O
resulted VBD O
after IN O
7 CD O
weeks NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
resolution NN O
of IN O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
biochemical JJ O
abnormalities NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
believed VBN O
that IN O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
reported VBN O
case NN O
of IN O
reversible JJ O
azathioprine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
histological JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
bile NN B-Disease
duct NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dopamine NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
essential JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
widely RB O
believed VBN O
that IN O
dopamine NN O
( -LRB- O
DA NNP O
) -RRB- O
mediates VBZ O
methamphetamine NN O
( , O
METH NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
to IN O
brain NN O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurons NNS O
, , O
because IN O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
interfere VBP O
with IN O
DA NN O
neurotransmission NN O
decrease VBP O
toxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
increase VBP O
DA NN O
neurotransmission NN O
enhance VBP O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
temperature NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
have VBP O
been VBN O
used VBN O
to TO O
manipulate VB O
brain NN O
DA NN O
neurotransmission NN O
confound VB O
interpretation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
data NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Here RB O
we PRP O
show VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
recently RB O
reported VBN O
ability NN O
of IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
dihydroxyphenylalanine NN O
to TO O
reverse VB O
the DT O
protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
para NN O
- HYPH O
tyrosine NN O
on IN O
METH NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
DA NN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
also RB O
confounded VBN O
by IN O
drug NN O
effects NNS O
on IN O
body NN O
temperature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further RB O
, , O
we PRP O
show VBP O
that IN O
mice NNS O
genetically RB O
engineered VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
deficient JJ O
in IN O
brain NN O
DA NN O
develop VB O
METH NN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
as RB O
long RB O
as IN O
the DT O
thermic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
METH NNP O
are VBP O
preserved VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
we PRP O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
mice NNS O
genetically RB O
engineered VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
unilateral JJ O
brain NN O
DA NN O
deficits NNS O
develop VB O
METH NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dopaminergic JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
that WDT O
are VBP O
of IN O
comparable JJ O
magnitude NN O
on IN O
both DT O
sides NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Taken VBN O
together RB O
, , O
these DT O
findings NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
DA NNP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
essential JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
METH NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dopaminergic JJ O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
suggest VB O
that IN O
mechanisms NNS O
independent JJ O
of IN O
DA NNP O
warrant VBP O
more RBR O
intense JJ O
investigation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Swallowing NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
tachyarrhythmia NN I-Disease
triggered VBN O
by IN O
salbutamol NN O
: : O
case NN O
report NN O
and CC O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
: : O
A DT O
49 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
patient NN O
experienced VBD O
chest NN O
discomfort NN O
while IN O
swallowing VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
electrocardiogram NN O
, , O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
tachyarrhythmia NN I-Disease
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
immediately RB O
after IN O
swallowing VBG O
; : O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
Holter NNP O
monitoring NN O
recorded VBD O
several JJ O
events NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
resolved VBN O
after IN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
atenolol NN O
, , O
but CC O
recurred VBD O
a DT O
year NN O
later RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
noticed VBD O
that IN O
before IN O
these DT O
episodes NNS O
he PRP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
using VBG O
an DT O
inhalator NN O
of IN O
salbutamol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
stopping VBG O
the DT O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
agonist NN O
, , O
and CC O
after IN O
a DT O
week NN O
with IN O
the DT O
atenolol NN O
, , O
the DT O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
disappeared VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DISCUSSION NN O
: : O
Swallowing NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
atrial JJ B-Disease
tachyarrhythmia NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
SIAT NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
rare JJ O
phenomenon NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fewer JJR O
than IN O
50 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
SIAT NNP B-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
described VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
article NN O
summarizes VBZ O
all PDT O
the DT O
cases NNS O
published VBN O
, , O
creating VBG O
a DT O
comprehensive JJ O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
current JJ O
knowledge NN O
and CC O
approach NN O
to IN O
SIAT NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
discusses VBZ O
demographics NNS O
, , O
clinical JJ O
characteristics NNS O
and CC O
types NNS O
of IN O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
, , O
postulated VBN O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
SIAT NNP B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
different JJ O
treatment NN O
possibilities NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
medications NNS O
, , O
surgery NN O
, , O
and CC O
radiofrequency NN O
catheter NN O
ablation NN O
( , O
RFCA NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Salbutamol NNP O
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
here RB O
as IN O
a DT O
possible JJ O
trigger NN O
for IN O
SIAT NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
difficult JJ O
to TO O
define VB O
causality NN O
in IN O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
logical JJ O
to TO O
think VB O
that IN O
a DT O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
agonist NN O
like IN O
salbutamol NN O
( , O
known VBN O
to TO O
induce VB O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
) , O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
trigger NN O
of IN O
adrenergic JJ O
reflexes NNS O
originating VBG O
in IN O
the DT O
esophagus NN O
while IN O
swallowing VBG O
and CC O
that IN O
a DT O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocker NN O
such JJ O
as IN O
atenolol NN O
( -LRB- O
that WDT O
blocks VBZ O
the DT O
adrenergic JJ O
activity NN O
) -RRB- O
may MD O
relieve VB O
it PRP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
ability NN O
of IN O
insulin NN O
treatment NN O
to TO O
reverse VB O
or CC O
prevent VB O
the DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
urinary JJ O
bladder NN O
function NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
streptozotocin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetes NN B-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
1 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
insulin NN O
treatment NN O
on IN O
in IN O
vivo NN O
and CC O
in FW O
vitro FW O
urinary JJ O
bladder NN O
function NN O
in IN O
streptozotocin NN O
- HYPH O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
2 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diabetes NNS B-Disease
of IN O
2 CD O
months NNS O
duration NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
body NN O
weight NN O
and CC O
increases NNS O
in IN O
fluid NN O
consumption NN O
, , O
urine NN O
volume NN O
, , O
frequency NN O
of IN O
micturition NN O
, , O
and CC O
average JJ O
volume NN O
per IN O
micturition NN O
; , O
effects NNS O
which WDT O
were VBD O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
insulin NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
3 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Insulin NN O
treatment NN O
also RB O
prevented VBD O
the DT O
increases NNS O
in IN O
contractile JJ O
responses NNS O
of IN O
bladder NN O
body NN O
strips NNS O
from IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
to IN O
nerve NN O
stimulation NN O
, , O
ATP NNP O
, , O
and CC O
bethanechol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
4 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diabetes NNS B-Disease
of IN O
4 CD O
months NNS O
duration NN O
also RB O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
body NN O
weight NN O
, , O
and CC O
increases NNS O
in IN O
fluid NN O
consumption NN O
, , O
urine NN O
volume NN O
, , O
frequency NN O
of IN O
micturition NN O
, , O
and CC O
average JJ O
volume NN O
per IN O
micturition NN O
, , O
effects NNS O
which WDT O
were VBD O
reversed VBN O
by IN O
insulin NN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
the DT O
final JJ O
2 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
5 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Insulin NN O
treatment NN O
reversed VBD O
the DT O
increases NNS O
in IN O
contractile JJ O
responses NNS O
of IN O
bladder NN O
body NN O
strips NNS O
from IN O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
to IN O
nerve NN O
stimulation NN O
, , O
ATP NNP O
, , O
and CC O
bethanechol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
6 LS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
streptozotocin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetes NNS B-Disease
on IN O
urinary JJ O
bladder NN O
function NN O
are VBP O
both DT O
prevented VBN O
and CC O
reversed VBN O
by IN O
insulin NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glutamatergic JJ O
neurotransmission NN O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
NMDA NNP O
receptors NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
inferior JJ O
colliculus NN O
can MD O
modulate VB O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
inferior JJ O
colliculus NN O
( , O
IC NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
primarily RB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
processing NN O
of IN O
auditory JJ O
information NN O
, , O
but CC O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
distinguished VBN O
from IN O
other JJ O
auditory JJ O
nuclei NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
brainstem NN O
by IN O
its PRP$ O
connections NNS O
with IN O
structures NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
motor NN O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Functional JJ O
evidence NN O
relating VBG O
the DT O
IC NNP O
to IN O
motor NN O
behavior NN O
derives VBZ O
from IN O
experiments NNS O
showing VBG O
that IN O
activation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
IC NN O
by IN O
electrical JJ O
stimulation NN O
or CC O
excitatory JJ O
amino NN O
acid NN O
microinjection NN O
causes VBZ O
freezing NN O
, , O
escape NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
behavior NN O
, , O
and CC O
immobility NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
nature NN O
of IN O
this DT O
immobility NN O
is VBZ O
still RB O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
examined VBD O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
excitatory JJ O
amino NN O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
mechanisms NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
IC NNP O
on IN O
the DT O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
dopamine NN O
receptor NN O
blocker NN O
haloperidol NN O
administered VBN O
systemically RB O
( : O
1 CD O
or CC O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Haloperidol NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
was VBD O
challenged VBN O
with IN O
prior JJ O
intracollicular JJ O
microinjections NNS O
of IN O
glutamate NN O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
, , O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
( SYM O
15 CD O
or CC O
30 CD O
mmol NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
AP7 NNP O
( SYM O
10 CD O
or CC O
20 CD O
nmol NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
of IN O
the DT O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
d NNP O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( , O
NMDA NNP O
, , O
20 CD O
or CC O
30 CD O
nmol NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
intracollicular JJ O
microinjection NN O
of IN O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
and CC O
AP7 NNP O
previous JJ O
to IN O
systemic JJ O
injections NNS O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBD O
the DT O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
as IN O
indicated VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
reduced VBN O
latency NN O
to TO O
step VB O
down RP O
from IN O
a DT O
horizontal JJ O
bar NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Accordingly RB O
, , O
intracollicular JJ O
microinjection NN O
of IN O
NMDA NNP O
increased VBD O
the DT O
latency NN O
to TO O
step VB O
down IN O
the DT O
bar NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
glutamate NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
mechanisms NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
neural JJ O
circuits NNS O
at IN O
the DT O
IC NNP O
level NN O
influence VBP O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
and CC O
participate VBP O
in IN O
the DT O
regulation NN O
of IN O
motor NN O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Severe JJ O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
patient NN O
on IN O
amiodarone NN O
presenting VBG O
with IN O
myxedemic JJ B-Disease
coma NN I-Disease
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
of IN O
myxedema NN B-Disease
coma NN I-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
amiodarone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypothyroidism NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
severe JJ O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
( : O
CHF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
our PRP$ O
knowledge NN O
and CC O
after IN O
reviewing VBG O
the DT O
literature NN O
there EX O
is VBZ O
one CD O
case NN O
report NN O
of IN O
myxedema NN B-Disease
coma NN I-Disease
during IN O
long JJ O
term NN O
amiodarone NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myxedema NNP B-Disease
coma NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
life NN O
threatening JJ O
condition NN O
that WDT O
carries VBZ O
a DT O
mortality NN O
reaching VBG O
as RB O
high JJ O
as IN O
20 CD O
% NN O
with IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
condition NN O
is VBZ O
treated VBN O
with IN O
intravenous JJ O
thyroxine NN O
( , O
T4 NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
intravenous JJ O
tri NN O
- HYPH O
iodo NN O
- HYPH O
thyronine NN O
( , O
T3 NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
with IN O
CHF NNP B-Disease
on IN O
amiodarone NN O
may MD O
suffer VB O
serious JJ O
morbidity NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
from IN O
hypothyroidism NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
thus RB O
may MD O
deserve VB O
closer JJR O
follow NN O
up RP O
for IN O
thyroid NN O
stimulating VBG O
hormone NN O
( HYPH O
TSH NNP O
) -RRB- O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
report NN O
carries VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
clinical JJ O
application NN O
given VBN O
the DT O
frequent JJ O
usage NN O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
among IN O
CHF NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
myriad JJ O
clinical JJ O
presentation NN O
of IN O
myxedema NN B-Disease
coma NN I-Disease
and CC O
its PRP$ O
serious JJ O
morbidity NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
stresses VBZ O
the DT O
need NN O
to TO O
suspect VB O
this DT O
clinical JJ O
syndrome NN O
among IN O
CHF NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
presenting VBG O
with IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
weakness NN B-Disease
or CC O
other JJ O
unexplained JJ O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
active JJ O
constituents NNS O
of IN O
Crocus NNP O
sativus NN O
L NNP O
. . O
, , O
crocin NN O
on IN O
streptozocin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
model NN O
of IN O
sporadic JJ O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
involvement NN O
of IN O
water NN O
- HYPH O
soluble JJ O
carotenoids NNS O
, , O
crocins NNS O
, , O
as IN O
the DT O
main JJ O
and CC O
active JJ O
components NNS O
of IN O
Crocus NNP O
sativus NN O
L NNP O
. . O
extract NN O
in IN O
learning NN O
and CC O
memory NN O
processes NNS O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
proposed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
crocins NNS O
on IN O
sporadic JJ O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
intracerebroventricular JJ O
( , O
icv NN O
) -RRB- O
streptozocin NN O
( -LRB- O
STZ NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Male JJ O
adult NN O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
90 CD O
and CC O
260 CD O
- SYM O
290 CD O
g NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
divided VBN O
into IN O
1 CD O
, , O
control NN O
; : O
2 CD O
and CC O
3 CD O
, , O
crocins NNS O
( , O
15 CD O
and CC O
30 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
; : O
4 CD O
, , O
STZ NNP O
; : O
5 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
, , O
STZ NN O
+ CC O
crocins NNS O
( , O
15 CD O
and CC O
30 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
groups NNS O
, , O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
injected VBN O
with IN O
STZ NNP O
- HYPH O
icv NNP O
bilaterally RB O
( : O
3 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
first JJ O
day NN O
and CC O
3 CD O
days NNS O
later RB O
, , O
a DT O
similar JJ O
STZ NN O
- HYPH O
icv NN O
application NN O
was VBD O
repeated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
STZ NNP O
+ CC O
crocin JJ O
animal NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
crocin NN O
was VBD O
applied VBN O
in IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
15 CD O
and CC O
30 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
, , O
one CD O
day NN O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
surgery NN O
and CC O
continued VBD O
for IN O
three CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prescription NN O
of IN O
crocin NN O
in IN O
each DT O
dose NN O
was VBD O
repeated VBN O
once RB O
for IN O
two CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
learning NN O
and CC O
memory NN O
performance NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
using VBG O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
paradigm NN O
, , O
and CC O
for IN O
spatial JJ O
cognition NN O
evaluation NN O
, , O
Y NNP O
- HYPH O
maze NN O
task NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
It PRP O
was VBD O
found VBN O
out RP O
that IN O
crocin NN O
( , O
30 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
STZ NNP O
- HYPH O
injected VBN O
rats NNS O
show VBP O
higher JJR O
correct JJ O
choices NNS O
and CC O
lower JJR O
errors NNS O
in IN O
Y NNP O
- HYPH O
maze NN O
than IN O
vehicle NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
STZ NNP O
- HYPH O
injected VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
crocin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
mentioned VBN O
dose NN O
could MD O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBN O
learning NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
in IN O
treated VBN O
STZ NN O
- HYPH O
injected VBN O
group NN O
in IN O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Therefore RB O
, , O
these DT O
results NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
the DT O
effectiveness NN O
of IN O
crocin NN O
( : O
30 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
antagonizing VBG O
the DT O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
deficits NNS I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
STZ NNP O
- HYPH O
icv NNP O
in IN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
potential NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
neurodegenerative JJ B-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
such JJ O
as IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serotonin NN O
6 CD O
receptor NN O
gene NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
methamphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
Japanese JJ O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Altered VBN O
serotonergic JJ O
neural JJ O
transmission NN O
is VBZ O
hypothesized VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
susceptibility NN O
factor NN O
for IN O
psychotic JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
such JJ O
as IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
serotonin NN O
6 CD O
( SYM O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT6 NN O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
is VBZ O
therapeutically RB O
targeted VBN O
by IN O
several JJ O
second JJ O
generation NN O
antipsychotics NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
clozapine NN O
and CC O
olanzapine NN O
, , O
and CC O
d NN O
- HYPH O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
is VBZ O
corrected VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
a DT O
selective JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT6 NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
the DT O
disrupted VBN O
prepulse JJ O
inhibition NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
d NN O
- HYPH O
amphetamine NN O
or CC O
phencyclidine NN O
was VBD O
restored VBN O
by IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT6 NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
in IN O
an DT O
animal NN O
study NN O
using VBG O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
animal NN O
models NNS O
were VBD O
considered VBN O
to TO O
reflect VB O
the DT O
positive JJ O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
above JJ O
evidence NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
altered JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT6 NN O
receptors NNS O
are VBP O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathophysiology NN O
of IN O
psychotic JJ B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
methamphetamine NN O
( , O
METH NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
are VBP O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
of IN O
paranoid JJ B-Disease
type NN I-Disease
schizophrenia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
we PRP O
conducted VBD O
an DT O
analysis NN O
of IN O
the DT O
association NN O
of IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT6 NNP O
gene NN O
( , O
HTR6 NNP O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
METH NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
Using VBG O
five CD O
tagging NN O
SNPs NNS O
( , O
rs6693503 CD O
, , O
rs1805054 CD O
, , O
rs4912138 CD O
, , O
rs3790757 CD O
and CC O
rs9659997 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
we PRP O
conducted VBD O
a DT O
genetic JJ O
association NN O
analysis NN O
of IN O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
samples NNS O
( , O
197 CD O
METH NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
and CC O
337 CD O
controls NNS O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
Japanese JJ O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
age NN O
and CC O
sex NN O
of IN O
the DT O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
from IN O
those DT O
of IN O
the DT O
methamphetamine NN O
dependence NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
rs6693503 CD O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
METH NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
allele NN O
/ SYM O
genotype NN O
- HYPH O
wise JJ O
analysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
this DT O
association NN O
remained VBD O
significant JJ O
after IN O
Bonferroni NNP O
correction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
haplotype NN O
- HYPH O
wise JJ O
analysis NN O
, , O
we PRP O
detected VBD O
an DT O
association NN O
between IN O
two CD O
markers NNS O
( , O
rs6693503 CD O
and CC O
rs1805054 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
three CD O
markers NNS O
( , O
rs6693503 CD O
, , O
rs1805054 CD O
and CC O
rs4912138 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
HTR6 NNP O
and CC O
METH NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
HTR6 NNP O
may MD O
play VB O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathophysiology NN O
of IN O
METH NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
Japanese JJ O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neural JJ O
correlates NNS O
of IN O
S NNP O
- HYPH O
ketamine NN O
induced VBD O
psychosis NN B-Disease
during IN O
overt JJ O
continuous JJ O
verbal JJ O
fluency NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
glutamatergic JJ O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( , O
NMDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathophysiology NN O
of IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administered VBN O
to IN O
healthy JJ O
volunteers NNS O
, , O
a DT O
subanesthetic JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
the DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
competitive JJ O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
ketamine NN O
leads VBZ O
to IN O
psychopathological JJ O
symptoms NNS O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
observed VBN O
in IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
, , O
ketamine NN O
exacerbates VBZ O
the DT O
core NN O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
illness NN O
, , O
supporting VBG O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
of IN O
a DT O
glutamatergic JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
counterbalanced VBN O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
study NN O
design NN O
, , O
healthy JJ O
subjects NNS O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
a DT O
continuous JJ O
subanesthetic JJ O
S NN O
- HYPH O
ketamine NN O
infusion NN O
while IN O
differences NNS O
in IN O
BOLD NNP O
responses NNS O
measured VBD O
with IN O
fMRI NNP O
were VBD O
detected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
scanning NN O
period NN O
, , O
subjects NNS O
performed VBD O
continuous JJ O
overt JJ O
verbal JJ O
fluency NN O
tasks NNS O
( , O
phonological JJ O
, , O
lexical JJ O
and CC O
semantic JJ O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
psychopathological JJ O
symptoms NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
Positive NNP O
and CC O
Negative NNP O
Syndrome NNP O
Scale NNP O
( -LRB- O
PANSS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NNP O
elicited VBD O
psychosis NN B-Disease
like IN O
psychopathology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Post JJ O
- HYPH O
hoc NNP O
t NN O
- HYPH O
tests NNS O
revealed VBD O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
between IN O
placebo NN O
and CC O
ketamine NN O
for IN O
the DT O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
words NNS O
generated VBN O
during IN O
lexical JJ O
and CC O
semantic JJ O
verbal JJ O
fluency NN O
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
phonological JJ O
domain NN O
remained VBD O
unaffected JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NNP O
led VBD O
to IN O
enhanced VBN O
cortical JJ O
activations NNS O
in IN O
supramarginal JJ O
and CC O
frontal JJ O
brain NN O
regions NNS O
for IN O
phonological JJ O
and CC O
lexical JJ O
verbal JJ O
fluency NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
for IN O
semantic JJ O
verbal JJ O
fluency NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NN O
induces VBZ O
activation NN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
subjects NNS O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
observed VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
, , O
particularly RB O
in IN O
frontal JJ O
and CC O
temporal JJ O
brain NN O
regions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
provide VBP O
further JJ O
support NN O
for IN O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
of IN O
an DT O
NMDA NNP O
receptor NN O
dysfunction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathophysiology NN O
of IN O
schizophrenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
prognosis NN O
for IN O
transplant NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
survivors NNS O
of IN O
paracetamol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
prognosis NN O
for IN O
transplant NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
survivors NNS O
of IN O
paracetamol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
remains VBZ O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AIM NN O
: : O
To TO O
examine VB O
whether IN O
paracetamol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
increases VBZ O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
mortality NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
followed VBD O
up RP O
all DT O
transplant NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
survivors NNS O
of IN O
paracetamol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
, , O
hospitalized VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
Danish JJ O
national JJ O
referral NN O
centre NN O
during IN O
1984 CD O
- SYM O
2004 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
compared VBD O
age NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
mortality NN O
rates NNS O
from IN O
1 CD O
year NN O
post NN O
- HYPH O
discharge NN O
through IN O
2008 CD O
between IN O
those DT O
in IN O
whom WP O
the DT O
liver NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
led VBD O
to IN O
an DT O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
those DT O
in IN O
whom WP O
it PRP O
did VBD O
not RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
We PRP O
included VBD O
641 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
average JJ O
, , O
age NN O
- HYPH O
specific JJ O
mortality NN O
rates NNS O
were VBD O
slightly RB O
higher JJR O
for IN O
the DT O
101 CD O
patients NNS O
whose WP$ O
paracetamol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
liver NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
had VBD O
caused VBN O
an DT O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
( , O
adjusted VBN O
mortality NN O
rate NN O
ratio NN O
= SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
70 CD O
, , O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
1 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
- SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
85 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
association NN O
was VBD O
age NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
, , O
and CC O
no DT O
survivors NNS O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
died VBD O
of IN O
liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
suicides NNS O
were VBD O
frequent JJ O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
observations NNS O
speak VBP O
against IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
More RBR O
likely RB O
, , O
the DT O
elevated JJ O
mortality NN O
rate NN O
ratio NN O
resulted VBD O
from IN O
incomplete JJ O
adjustment NN O
for IN O
the DT O
greater JJR O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
substance NN B-Disease
abuse NN I-Disease
among IN O
survivors NNS O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Paracetamol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
mortality NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
may MD O
be VB O
justified VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
the DT O
liver NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
by IN O
the DT O
liver NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
itself PRP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vivo NN O
characterization NN O
of IN O
a DT O
dual JJ O
adenosine NN O
A2A NNP O
/ SYM O
A1 NN O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
in IN O
animal NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
in IN O
vivo NN O
characterization NN O
of IN O
a DT O
dual JJ O
adenosine NN O
A NN O
( -LRB- O
2A NN O
) -RRB- O
/ SYM O
A NN O
( -LRB- O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
in IN O
several JJ O
animal NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Discovery NN O
and CC O
scale NN O
- HYPH O
up RP O
syntheses NNS O
of IN O
compound NN O
1 CD O
are VBP O
described VBN O
in IN O
detail NN O
, , O
highlighting VBG O
optimization NN O
steps NNS O
that WDT O
increased VBD O
the DT O
overall JJ O
yield NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
from IN O
10 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
30 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compound NN O
1 CD O
is VBZ O
a DT O
potent JJ O
A NN O
( -LRB- O
2A NN O
) NFP O
/ SYM O
A NN O
( SYM O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
in IN O
vitro FW O
( , O
A NN O
( -LRB- O
2A NN O
) : O
K NN O
( : O
i CD O
) NFP O
= SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
nM NN O
; : O
A NN O
( : O
1 CD O
) SYM O
K NN O
( : O
i CD O
) NFP O
= SYM O
17 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
nM NN O
) -RRB- O
that WDT O
has VBZ O
excellent JJ O
activity NN O
, , O
after IN O
oral JJ O
administration NN O
, , O
across IN O
a DT O
number NN O
of IN O
animal NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
including VBG O
mouse NN O
and CC O
rat NN O
models NNS O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
mouse NN O
model NN O
of IN O
reserpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
akinesia NN B-Disease
, , O
rat NN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxydopamine NN O
( HYPH O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
OHDA NN O
) -RRB- O
lesion NN O
model NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rotation NN O
, , O
and CC O
MPTP NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
human JJ O
primate NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
hippocampal JJ O
deep JJ O
brain NN O
stimulation NN O
on IN O
cortical JJ O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
discharges NNS O
in IN O
penicillin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
model NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
AIM NN O
: : O
Experimental JJ O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
revealed VBN O
that IN O
hippocampal JJ O
DBS NNP O
can MD O
control VB O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
activity NN O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
action NN O
is VBZ O
obscure JJ O
and CC O
optimal JJ O
stimulation NN O
parameters NNS O
are VBP O
not RB O
clearly RB O
defined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
high JJ O
frequency NN O
hippocampal JJ O
stimulation NN O
on IN O
cortical JJ O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
activity NN O
in IN O
penicillin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIAL NN O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
implanted VBN O
DBS NNP O
electrodes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
group NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
( SYM O
n CD O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
hippocampal JJ O
DBS NNP O
was VBD O
off RB O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
group NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
( SYM O
n CD O
= SYM O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
hippocampal JJ O
DBS NNP O
was VBD O
on RB O
( : O
185 CD O
Hz NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. , O
5V NN O
, , O
1V NN O
, , O
2V NN O
, , O
and CC O
5V NN O
for IN O
60 CD O
sec NN O
) -RRB- O
following VBG O
penicillin NN O
G NN O
injection NN O
intracortically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
hippocampal JJ O
DBS NNP O
was VBD O
on IN O
following VBG O
8 CD O
l SYM O
saline NN O
injection NN O
intracortically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
EEG NNP O
recordings NNS O
were VBD O
obtained VBN O
before IN O
and CC O
15 CD O
minutes NNS O
following VBG O
penicillin NN O
- HYPH O
G NN O
injection NN O
, , O
and CC O
at IN O
10th JJ O
minutes NNS O
following VBG O
each DT O
stimulus NN O
for IN O
analysis NN O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
frequency NN O
, , O
amplitude NN O
, , O
and CC O
power NN O
spectrum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
High JJ O
frequency NN O
hippocampal NN O
DBS NNP O
suppressed VBD O
the DT O
acute JJ O
penicillin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cortical JJ O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
activity NN O
independent JJ O
from IN O
stimulus NN O
intensity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
, , O
hippocampal JJ O
stimulation NN O
alone RB O
lead VBP O
only RB O
to IN O
diffuse JJ O
slowing NN O
of IN O
cerebral JJ O
bioelectrical JJ O
activity NN O
at IN O
5V NN O
stimulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
revealed VBD O
that IN O
continuous JJ O
high JJ O
frequency NN O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hippocampus NN O
suppressed VBD O
acute JJ O
cortical JJ O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
activity NN O
effectively RB O
without IN O
causing VBG O
secondary JJ O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
discharges NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
are VBP O
important JJ O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
defining VBG O
the DT O
optimal JJ O
parameters NNS O
of IN O
hippocampal JJ O
DBS NNP O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CCNU NNP O
( : O
lomustine NN O
) -RRB- O
toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
dogs NNS O
: : O
a DT O
retrospective JJ O
study NN O
( , O
2002 CD O
- HYPH O
07 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
describe VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
haematological JJ B-Disease
, , I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
, , I-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
gastrointestinal JJ I-Disease
toxicities NNS I-Disease
in IN O
tumour NN O
- HYPH O
bearing VBG O
dogs NNS O
receiving VBG O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
( SYM O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
chloroethyl NN O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
cyclohexyl NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
nitrosourea NN O
( : O
CCNU NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
The DT O
medical JJ O
records NNS O
of IN O
206 CD O
dogs NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
CCNU NNP O
at IN O
the DT O
Melbourne NNP O
Veterinary NNP O
Specialist NNP O
Centre NNP O
between IN O
February NNP O
2002 CD O
and CC O
December NNP O
2007 CD O
were VBD O
retrospectively RB O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Of IN O
the DT O
206 CD O
dogs NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
CCNU NNP O
, , O
185 CD O
met VBD O
the DT O
inclusion NN O
criteria NNS O
for IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
one CD O
class NN O
of IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CCNU NNP O
was VBD O
used VBN O
most RBS O
commonly RB O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
lymphoma NN B-Disease
, , O
mast JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
tumour NN I-Disease
, , O
brain NN B-Disease
tumour NN I-Disease
, , O
histiocytic JJ B-Disease
tumours NNS I-Disease
and CC O
epitheliotropic JJ B-Disease
lymphoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Throughout IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
56 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
dogs NNS O
experienced VBD O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
, , O
34 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
experienced VBD O
anaemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
14 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
experienced VBD O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
toxicosis NN I-Disease
was VBD O
detected VBN O
in IN O
37 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
dogs NNS O
, , O
the DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
sign NN O
of IN O
which WDT O
was VBD O
vomiting VBG B-Disease
( : O
24 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Potential JJ O
renal JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
elevated JJ O
alanine NN O
transaminase NN O
( -LRB- O
ALT NNP O
) -RRB- O
concentration NN O
were VBD O
reported VBN O
in IN O
12 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
48 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
dogs NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
was VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
CCNU NNP O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
dogs NNS O
is VBZ O
common JJ O
, , O
but CC O
is VBZ O
usually RB O
not RB O
life NN O
threatening JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Central JJ O
vein NN B-Disease
thrombosis NN I-Disease
and CC O
topical JJ O
dipivalyl NN O
epinephrine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
report NN O
is VBZ O
given VBN O
on IN O
an DT O
83 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
female NN O
who WP O
acquired VBD O
central JJ O
vein NN B-Disease
thrombosis NN I-Disease
in IN O
her PRP$ O
seeing VBG O
eye NN O
one CD O
day NN O
after IN O
having VBG O
started VBN O
topical JJ O
medication NN O
with IN O
dipivalyl NN O
epinephrine NN O
for IN O
advanced JJ O
glaucoma NN B-Disease
discovered VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
eye NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
present JJ O
knowledge NN O
about IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
adrenergic JJ O
eye NN O
drops NNS O
on IN O
ocular JJ O
blood NN O
circulation NN O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
difficult JJ O
to TO O
suggest VB O
an DT O
association NN O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
events NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
may MD O
be VB O
coincidental JJ O
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Benzylacyclouridine NN O
reverses VBZ O
azidothymidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
marrow NN B-Disease
suppression NN I-Disease
without IN O
impairment NN O
of IN O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
human JJ O
immunodeficiency NN B-Disease
virus NN O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased VBN O
extracellular JJ O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
uridine NN O
( -LRB- O
Urd NNP O
) -RRB- O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to TO O
reduce VB O
, , O
in IN O
vitro FW O
, , O
azidothymidine NN O
( , O
AZT NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
granulocyte NN O
- HYPH O
macrophage NN O
progenitor NN O
cells NNS O
without IN O
impairment NN O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
antihuman JJ O
immunodeficiency NN B-Disease
virus NN O
( , O
HIV NNP O
) -RRB- O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
of IN O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
Urd NNP O
administration NN O
, , O
the DT O
ability NN O
of IN O
benzylacyclouridine NN O
( , O
BAU NNP O
) -RRB- O
to TO O
effect VB O
, , O
in IN O
vivo NN O
, , O
AZT NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
leukopenia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
agent NN O
inhibits VBZ O
Urd NNP O
catabolism NN O
and CC O
, , O
in IN O
vivo NN O
, , O
increases VBZ O
the DT O
plasma NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
Urd NNP O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
, , O
without IN O
Urd NNP O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
mice NNS O
rendered VBN O
anemic JJ B-Disease
and CC O
leukopenic JJ B-Disease
by IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
AZT NNP O
for IN O
28 CD O
days NNS O
in IN O
drinking NN O
water NN O
( , O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
mL NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
continued VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
AZT NNP O
plus CC O
daily JJ O
BAU NNP O
( : O
300 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
orally RB O
) -RRB- O
partially RB O
reversed VBN O
AZT NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
anemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
leukopenia NN B-Disease
( HYPH O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
increased VBN O
peripheral JJ O
reticulocytes NNS O
( , O
to IN O
4 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
, , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
increased VBN O
cellularity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
marrow NN O
, , O
and CC O
improved VBN O
megaloblastosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
coadministered VBN O
with IN O
AZT NNP O
from IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
administration NN O
, , O
BAU NNP O
reduced VBD O
AZT NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
marrow NN B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
vitro NN O
, , O
at IN O
a DT O
concentration NN O
of IN O
100 CD O
mumol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
, , O
BAU NNP O
possesses VBZ O
minimal JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
HIV NNP O
activity NN O
and CC O
has VBZ O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
ability NN O
of IN O
AZT NNP O
to TO O
reverse VB O
the DT O
HIV NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cytopathic JJ O
effect NN O
in IN O
MT4 NNP O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
biochemical JJ O
implications NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
findings NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lethal JJ O
anuria NN B-Disease
complicating VBG O
high JJ O
dose NN O
ifosfamide NN O
chemotherapy NN O
in IN O
a DT O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
patient NN O
with IN O
an DT O
impaired VBN B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
sixty CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
previously RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
cisplatin NN O
, , O
developed VBD O
an DT O
irreversible JJ O
lethal JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
with IN O
anuria NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
day NN O
after IN O
5 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
bolus NN O
ifosfamide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postrenal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
was VBD O
excluded VBN O
by IN O
echography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
prerenal JJ O
component NN O
could MD O
have VB O
contributed VBN O
to IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
because IN O
of IN O
a DT O
transient JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
due IN O
to IN O
an DT O
increasing VBG O
ascitis NN O
, , O
occurring VBG O
just RB O
before IN O
anuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
correction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hemodynamic JJ O
parameters NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
improve VB O
renal JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ifosfamide NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
known VBN O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
drug NN O
with IN O
demonstrated VBN O
tubulopathies NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
strongly RB O
suspect VBP O
that IN O
this DT O
lethal JJ O
anuria NN B-Disease
was VBD O
mainly RB O
due IN O
to IN O
ifosfamide NN O
, , O
occurring VBG O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
having VBG O
received VBN O
previous JJ O
cisplatin NN O
chemotherapy NN O
and CC O
with IN O
poor JJ O
kidney NN O
perfusion NN O
due IN O
to IN O
transient JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
recommend VBP O
careful JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
chemotherapy NN O
and CC O
inadequate JJ O
renal JJ O
perfusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nociceptive JJ O
effects NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
intrathecal JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
prostaglandin NN O
D2 NNP O
, , O
E2 NNP O
, , O
or CC O
F2 NN O
alpha NN O
to IN O
conscious JJ O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
intrathecal JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
prostaglandins NNS O
on IN O
pain NN B-Disease
responses NNS O
in IN O
conscious JJ O
mice NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
by IN O
using VBG O
hot JJ O
plate NN O
and CC O
acetic JJ O
acid NN O
writhing NN O
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prostaglandin NNP O
D2 NNP O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
mouse NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
a DT O
hyperalgesic JJ B-Disease
action NN O
on IN O
the DT O
response NN O
to IN O
a DT O
hot JJ O
plate NN O
during IN O
a DT O
3 CD O
- SYM O
60 CD O
min NN O
period NN O
after IN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prostaglandin NNP O
E2 NNP O
showed VBD O
a DT O
hyperalgesic JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
1 CD O
pg NN O
to IN O
10 CD O
ng NNS O
/ SYM O
mouse NN O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
effect NN O
lasted VBD O
shorter JJR O
( : O
3 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
min NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
that DT O
of IN O
prostaglandin NN O
D2 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similar JJ O
results NNS O
were VBD O
obtained VBN O
by IN O
acetic JJ O
acid NN O
writhing NN O
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hyperalgesic JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
prostaglandin NN O
D2 NNP O
was VBD O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
simultaneous JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
a DT O
substance NN O
P NN O
antagonist NN O
( , O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
100 CD O
ng NNS O
) , O
but CC O
not RB O
by IN O
AH6809 CD O
, , O
a DT O
prostanoid JJ O
EP1 NN O
- HYPH O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conversely RB O
, , O
prostaglandin NN O
E2 NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
AH6809 NNP O
( -LRB- O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
500 CD O
ng NNS O
) , O
but CC O
not RB O
by IN O
the DT O
substance NN O
P NN O
antagonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prostaglandin NNP O
F2 NNP O
alpha NN O
had VBD O
little JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
pain NN B-Disease
responses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
both CC O
prostaglandin NN O
D2 NN O
and CC O
prostaglandin NN O
E2 NNP O
exert VBP O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
spinal JJ O
cord NN O
, , O
but CC O
in IN O
different JJ O
ways NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
localized VBN B-Disease
scleroderma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Localized VBN B-Disease
scleroderma NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
no DT O
recognized VBN O
internal JJ O
organ NN O
involvement NN O
but CC O
may MD O
be VB O
disfiguring JJ O
and CC O
disabling JJ O
when WRB O
the DT O
cutaneous JJ O
lesions NNS O
are VBP O
extensive JJ O
or CC O
affect VBP O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
no DT O
accepted VBN O
or CC O
proven VBN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
localized VBN B-Disease
scleroderma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Case NN O
reports NNS O
of IN O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
, , O
extensive JJ O
localized VBN B-Disease
scleroderma NN I-Disease
who WP O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
are VBP O
summarized VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
article NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
drug NN O
was VBD O
judged VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
favorable JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
disease NN O
course NN O
in IN O
7 CD O
( SYM O
64 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
of IN O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Improvement NN O
began VBD O
within IN O
3 CD O
to TO O
6 CD O
months NNS O
and CC O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
active JJ O
cutaneous JJ O
lesions NNS O
in IN O
all DT O
7 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
skin NN O
softening NN O
in IN O
5 CD O
, , O
and CC O
more RBR O
normal JJ O
growth NN O
of IN O
the DT O
affected VBN O
limb NN O
in IN O
2 CD O
of IN O
3 CD O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Joint JJ O
stiffness NN O
and CC O
contractures NNS B-Disease
also RB O
improved VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
favorable JJ O
response NN O
was VBD O
as RB O
low JJ O
as IN O
2 CD O
to TO O
5 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
given VBN O
over IN O
a DT O
period NN O
ranging VBG O
from IN O
15 CD O
to IN O
53 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
D NN O
- HYPH O
Penicillamine NN O
caused VBD O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
1 CD O
patient NN O
and CC O
milder JJR O
reversible JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
in IN O
3 CD O
other JJ O
patients NNS O
; : O
none NN O
developed VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
may MD O
be VB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
severe JJ O
cases NNS O
of IN O
localized VBN B-Disease
scleroderma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ B-Disease
sinus NN I-Disease
thrombosis NN I-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
potential JJ O
hazard NN O
of IN O
antifibrinolytic JJ O
treatment NN O
in IN O
menorrhagia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
a DT O
42 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
superior JJ O
sagittal JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
left VBD I-Disease
transverse NN I-Disease
sinus NN I-Disease
thrombosis NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
prolonged JJ O
epsilon NN O
- HYPH O
aminocaproic NN O
acid NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
menorrhagia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
antifibrinolytic JJ O
agent NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
used VBN O
in IN O
women NNS O
with IN O
menorrhagia NN B-Disease
to TO O
promote VB O
clotting NN O
and CC O
reduce VB O
blood NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
thromboembolic JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
during IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
epsilon NN O
- HYPH O
aminocaproic NN O
acid NN O
, , O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
sinus NN I-Disease
thrombosis NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
previously RB O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Careful JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
epsilon JJ O
- HYPH O
aminocaproic JJ O
acid NN O
therapy NN O
is VBZ O
recommended VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizure NN B-Disease
activity NN O
with IN O
imipenem NN O
therapy NN O
: : O
incidence NN O
and CC O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
either CC O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
vascular JJ I-Disease
accident NN I-Disease
( , O
CVA NNP B-Disease
) , O
or CC O
head NN B-Disease
trauma NN I-Disease
and CC O
no DT O
evidence NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
seizures NNS B-Disease
while IN O
receiving VBG O
maximum JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
imipenem NN O
/ SYM O
cilastatin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neither DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
reported VBN O
previous JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
or CC O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
activity NN O
nor CC O
was VBD O
receiving VBG O
anticonvulsant JJ O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
seizures NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
controlled VBN O
with IN O
therapeutic JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
phenytoin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
received VBN O
maximum JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
other JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
lactam NN O
antibiotics NNS O
without IN O
evidence NN O
of IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Midline JJ O
B3 NN O
serotonin NN O
nerves NNS O
in IN O
rat NN O
medulla NN O
are VBP O
involved VBN O
in IN O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
methyldopa NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
experiments NNS O
in IN O
this DT O
laboratory NN O
have VBP O
shown VBN O
that IN O
microinjection NN O
of IN O
methyldopa NN O
onto IN O
the DT O
ventrolateral JJ O
cells NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
B3 NN O
serotonin NN O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
medulla NN O
elicits VBZ O
a DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
response NN O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
projection NN O
descending VBG O
into IN O
the DT O
spinal JJ O
cord NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
experiments NNS O
were VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
the DT O
midline NN O
cells NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
B3 NNP O
serotonin NN O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
medulla NN O
, , O
coinciding VBG O
with IN O
the DT O
raphe NN O
magnus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
spontaneously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
, , O
stroke NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
prone JJ O
rats NNS O
, , O
microinjection NN O
of IN O
methyldopa NN O
into IN O
the DT O
area NN O
of IN O
the DT O
midline JJ O
B3 NN O
serotonin NN O
cell NN O
group NN O
in IN O
the DT O
ventral JJ O
medulla NN O
caused VBD O
a DT O
potent JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
of IN O
30 CD O
- SYM O
40 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
maximal JJ O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
administration NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
abolished VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
serotonin NN O
neurotoxin NN O
5 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydroxytryptamine NN O
( , O
5 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
DHT NN O
) -RRB- O
injected VBN O
intracerebroventricularly RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
intraspinal JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
DHT NN O
to TO O
produce VB O
a DT O
more RBR O
selective JJ O
lesion NN O
of IN O
only RB O
descending VBG O
serotonin NN O
projections NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
spinal JJ O
cord NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
this DT O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further RB O
, , O
5 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
DHT NN O
lesion NN O
of IN O
serotonin NN O
nerves NNS O
travelling VBG O
in IN O
the DT O
median JJ O
forebrain NN O
bundle NN O
, , O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
main JJ O
ascending VBG O
pathways NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
B3 NNP O
serotonin NN O
cells NNS O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
fall NN O
in IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
midline JJ O
B3 NN O
serotonin NN O
methyldopa NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
therefore RB O
that IN O
, , O
unlike IN O
the DT O
ventrolateral JJ O
B3 NN O
cells NNS O
which WDT O
mediate VBP O
a DT O
methyldopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
via IN O
descending VBG O
projections NNS O
, , O
the DT O
midline JJ O
serotonin NN O
B3 NN O
cells NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
medulla NN O
contribute VBP O
to IN O
the DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
action NN O
of IN O
methyldopa NN O
, , O
either CC O
by IN O
way NN O
of IN O
an DT O
ascending VBG O
projection NN O
which WDT O
does VBZ O
not RB O
pass VB O
through IN O
the DT O
median JJ O
forebrain NN O
bundle NN O
, , O
or CC O
through IN O
a DT O
projection NN O
restricted VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
caudal JJ O
brainstem NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antiarrhythmic JJ O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
cibenzoline NN O
on IN O
canine NN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
two CD O
- HYPH O
stage NN O
coronary JJ O
ligation NN O
- , O
, , O
digitalis NN O
- HYPH O
, , O
and CC O
adrenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
canine NN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
, , O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
cibenzoline NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
minimum JJ O
effective JJ O
plasma NN O
concentration NN O
for IN O
each DT O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
model NN O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cibenzoline NNP O
suppressed VBD O
all PDT O
the DT O
arrhythmias NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
minimum JJ O
effective JJ O
plasma NN O
concentrations NNS O
for IN O
arrhythmias NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
coronary JJ O
ligation NN O
, , O
48 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
coronary JJ O
ligation NN O
, , O
digitalis NN O
, , O
and CC O
adrenaline NN O
were VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
( : O
by IN O
8 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
( : O
by IN O
8 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) NFP O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
( : O
by IN O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
3 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
( : O
by IN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
ml NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
mean VB O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SDM NN O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
concentration NN O
for IN O
adrenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
than IN O
those DT O
for IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
types NNS O
of IN O
arrhythmias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
pharmacological JJ O
profile NN O
is VBZ O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
of IN O
mexiletine NN O
and CC O
tocainide NN O
, , O
and CC O
all DT O
three CD O
drugs NNS O
have VBP O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
( -LRB- O
CNS NNP O
) -RRB- O
stimulant JJ O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
cibenzoline NN O
had VBD O
only RB O
weak JJ O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
and CC O
sinus JJ O
node NN O
depressive JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
and CC O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
orally RB O
active JJ O
when WRB O
given VBN O
to IN O
coronary JJ O
ligation NN O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
dogs NNS O
, , O
its PRP$ O
clinical JJ O
usefulness NN O
is VBZ O
expected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Continuous JJ O
ambulatory JJ O
ECG NNP O
monitoring NN O
during IN O
fluorouracil NN O
therapy NN O
: : O
a DT O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
there EX O
have VBP O
been VBN O
anecdotal JJ O
reports NNS O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
fluorouracil NN O
( -LRB- O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
) , O
therapy NN O
, , O
this DT O
phenomenon NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
studied VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
systematic JJ O
fashion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
prospectively RB O
performed VBD O
continuous JJ O
ambulatory JJ O
ECG NNP O
monitoring NN O
on IN O
25 CD O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
infusion NN O
for IN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
solid JJ O
tumors NNS B-Disease
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
ST NNP O
changes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
were VBD O
monitored VBN O
for IN O
23 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
4 CD O
hours NNS O
before IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
infusion NN O
, , O
and CC O
98 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
hours NNS O
during IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NNP O
infusion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anginal JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS O
were VBD O
rare JJ O
: : O
only RB O
one CD O
patient NN O
had VBD O
angina NN B-Disease
( , O
during IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
infusion NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
asymptomatic JJ O
ST NN O
changes NNS O
( -LRB- O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
1 CD O
mm CD O
ST NNP O
deviation NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
common JJ O
: : O
six CD O
of IN O
25 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
24 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
ST NNP O
changes NNS O
before IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
infusion NN O
v IN O
17 CD O
( : O
68 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
infusion NN O
( HYPH O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
. . O
002 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
episodes NNS O
per IN O
patient NN O
per IN O
hour NN O
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
prior RB O
to IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
infusion NN O
v NN O
0 CD O
. . O
13 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
during IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
infusion NN O
( : O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
ECG NNP O
changes NNS O
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
minutes NNS O
per IN O
patient NN O
per IN O
hour NN O
before IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
v NN O
1 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
minutes NNS O
per IN O
patient NN O
per IN O
hour NN O
during IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
( HYPH O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
ECG NNP O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
more RBR O
common JJ O
among IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
known VBN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
sudden JJ B-Disease
death NN I-Disease
, , O
both DT O
of IN O
which WDT O
occurred VBD O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
chemotherapy NN O
course NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
infusion NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
silent JJ O
ST NNP O
segment NN O
deviation NN O
suggestive JJ O
of IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
, , O
particularly RB O
among IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
significance NN O
of IN O
these DT O
ECG NNP O
changes NNS O
remain VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
determined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nature NN O
, , O
time NN O
course NN O
and CC O
dose NN O
dependence NN O
of IN O
zidovudine NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
: : O
results NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
Multicenter NNP O
Canadian NNP O
Azidothymidine NNP O
Trial NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
characterize VB O
the DT O
nature NN O
, , O
time NN O
course NN O
and CC O
dose NN O
dependency NN O
of IN O
zidovudine NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
undertook VBD O
a DT O
multicenter JJ O
, , O
prospective JJ O
, , O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
range NN O
finding VBG O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
study NN O
group NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
74 CD O
HIV NNP O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
homosexual JJ O
men NNS O
belonging VBG O
to IN O
groups NNS O
II NNP O
B NNP O
, , O
III NNP O
and CC O
IV NNP O
C2 NNP O
from IN O
the DT O
Centers NNPS O
for IN O
Disease NNP O
Control NNP O
( -LRB- O
CDC NNP O
) -RRB- O
classification NN O
of IN O
HIV NNP B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
a DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
observation NN O
period NN O
, , O
volunteers NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
zidovudine NN O
600 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
18 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
900 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
9 CD O
weeks NNS O
and CC O
1200 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
9 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
washout NN O
period NN O
of IN O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
which WDT O
they PRP O
were VBD O
re RB O
- HYPH O
started VBN O
on IN O
1200 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
or CC O
the DT O
highest JJS O
tolerated VBN O
dose NN O
at IN O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
hourly JJ O
intervals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjects NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
hourly JJ O
or CC O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
hourly JJ O
regimens NNS O
within IN O
CDC NNP O
groups NNS O
while IN O
taking VBG O
600 CD O
and CC O
1200 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
and CC O
laboratory NN O
evaluations NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
at IN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
intervals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Symptomatic JJ O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
96 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
subjects NNS O
, , O
most RBS O
commonly RB O
nausea NN B-Disease
( : O
64 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
, , O
fatigue NN B-Disease
( , O
55 CD O
% NN O
) , O
and CC O
headache NN B-Disease
( : O
49 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
were VBD O
generally RB O
self NN O
- HYPH O
limited JJ O
, , O
reappearing VBG O
briefly RB O
at IN O
each DT O
dose NN O
increment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
hemoglobin NN O
occurred VBD O
shortly RB O
after IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
not RB O
dose NN O
dependent JJ O
and CC O
reversed VBD O
rapidly RB O
upon IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
red JJ O
blood NN O
cell NN O
count NN O
decrease NN O
, , O
a DT O
mean JJ O
cell NN O
volume NN O
increase NN O
and CC O
a DT O
granulocyte NN O
count NN O
decrease NN O
developed VBN O
early RB O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
independent JJ O
fashion NN O
, , O
reverting VBG O
at IN O
least JJS O
partially RB O
during IN O
the DT O
washout NN O
phase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
reticulocyte NN O
count NN O
was VBD O
dose NN O
related VBN O
between IN O
600 CD O
and CC O
900 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
with IN O
no DT O
further JJ O
change NN O
when WRB O
the DT O
dose NN O
was VBD O
escalated VBN O
to IN O
1200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bone NN O
marrow NN O
changes NNS O
occurred VBD O
rapidly RB O
as IN O
demonstrated VBN O
by IN O
megaloblastosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
95 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
65 CD O
specimens NNS O
at IN O
week NN O
18 CD O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) -RRB- O
null null null-Disease
National JJ O
project NN O
on IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
mother NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
infant NN O
infection NN B-Disease
by IN I-Disease
hepatitis NNP I-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
in IN O
Japan NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Japan NNP O
, , O
a DT O
nationwide JJ O
prevention NN O
program NN O
against IN O
mother NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
infant NN O
infection NN B-Disease
by IN I-Disease
hepatitis NNP I-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
virus NN I-Disease
( : O
HBV NNP O
) -RRB- O
started VBD O
in IN O
1985 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
program NN O
consists VBZ O
of IN O
double JJ O
screenings NNS O
of IN O
pregnant JJ O
women NNS O
and CC O
prophylactic JJ O
treatment NN O
to IN O
the DT O
infants NNS O
born VBN O
to IN O
both CC O
hepatitis NNP O
B NNP O
surface NN O
antigen NN O
( , O
HBsAg NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
hepatitis NNP O
B NNP O
e NN O
antigen NN O
( -LRB- O
HBeAg NNP O
) -RRB- O
positive JJ O
mothers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
infants NNS O
are VBP O
treated VBN O
with IN O
two CD O
injections NNS O
of IN O
hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
immune JJ O
globulin NN O
( : O
HBIG NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
at RB O
least RBS O
three CD O
injections NNS O
of IN O
plasma NN O
derived VBN O
hepatitis NNP O
B NNP O
vaccine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
sent VBD O
questionnaires NNS O
about IN O
the DT O
numbers NNS O
of IN O
each DT O
procedure NN O
or CC O
examination NN O
during IN O
nine CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
investigation NN O
period NN O
to IN O
each DT O
local JJ O
government NN O
in IN O
1986 CD O
and CC O
1987 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
93 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
pregnant JJ O
women NNS O
had VBD O
the DT O
chance NN O
to TO O
be VB O
examined VBN O
for IN O
HBsAg NNP O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
positive JJ O
rate NN O
was VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
to IN O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
HBeAg NNP O
positive JJ O
rate NN O
in IN O
HBsAg NNP O
positive JJ O
was VBD O
23 CD O
to TO O
26 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
HBsAg NNP O
positive JJ O
rate NN O
in IN O
neonates NNS O
and CC O
in IN O
infants NNS O
before IN O
two CD O
months NNS O
were VBD O
3 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
% NN O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Some DT O
problems NNS O
may MD O
arise VB O
, , O
because IN O
27 CD O
to TO O
30 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
infants NNS O
need VBP O
the DT O
fourth JJ O
vaccination NN O
in IN O
some DT O
restricted JJ O
areas NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Involvement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mu NN O
- HYPH O
opiate NN O
receptor NN O
in IN O
peripheral JJ O
analgesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
intradermal JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
mu NN O
( , O
morphine NN O
, , O
Tyr NNP O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
Ala NNP O
- HYPH O
Gly NNP O
- HYPH O
NMe NNP O
- HYPH O
Phe NNP O
- HYPH O
Gly NNP O
- HYPH O
ol NN O
and CC O
morphiceptin NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
kappa NN O
( , O
trans NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dichloro NN O
- HYPH O
N NN O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
N NN O
[ -LRB- O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
( -LRB- O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
pyrrolidinyl NN O
) -RRB- O
cyclohexyl NN O
] -RRB- O
benzeneactemide NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
delta NN O
( -LRB- O
[ -LRB- O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
Pen2 NNP O
. . O
5 CD O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
enkephalin NN O
and CC O
[ -LRB- O
D NN O
- HYPH O
Ser2 NNP O
] -RRB- O
- : O
[ -LRB- O
Leu NNP O
] -RRB- O
enkephalin NN O
- HYPH O
Thr NN O
) -RRB- O
selective JJ O
opioid NN O
- HYPH O
agonists NNS O
, , O
by IN O
themselves PRP O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
mechanical JJ O
nociceptive JJ O
threshold NN O
in IN O
the DT O
hindpaw NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intradermal JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
mu NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
delta NN O
or CC O
kappa NN O
opioid NN O
- HYPH O
agonists NNS O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
produced VBN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
prostaglandin NN O
E2 NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
analgesic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mu NN O
- HYPH O
agonist JJ O
morphine NN O
was VBD O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependently RB O
antagonized VBN O
by IN O
naloxone NN O
and CC O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
co NN O
- HYPH O
injection NN O
of IN O
pertussis NN O
toxin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Morphine NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
alter VB O
the DT O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
bromo NN O
cyclic JJ O
adenosine NN O
monophosphate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
analgesic JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
opioids NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
terminals NNS O
of IN O
primary JJ O
afferents NNS O
is VBZ O
via IN O
a DT O
binding VBG O
site NN O
with IN O
characteristics NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
mu NN O
- HYPH O
opioid JJ O
receptor NN O
and CC O
that IN O
this DT O
action NN O
is VBZ O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cyclic JJ O
adenosine NN O
monophosphate NN O
second JJ O
messenger NN O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Involvement NN O
of IN O
locus NN O
coeruleus NN O
and CC O
noradrenergic JJ O
neurotransmission NN O
in IN O
fentanyl NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
muscular JJ B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whereas IN O
muscular JJ B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
well RB O
- HYPH O
known VBN O
side NN O
effect NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
fentanyl NN O
anesthesia NN O
, , O
a DT O
paucity NN O
of IN O
information NN O
exists VBZ O
with IN O
regard NN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
underlying VBG O
mechanism NN O
( , O
s VBZ O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
in IN O
this DT O
study VB O
the DT O
possible JJ O
engagement NN O
of IN O
locus NN O
coeruleus NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pons NNS O
in IN O
this DT O
phenomenon NN O
, , O
using VBG O
male JJ O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
anesthetized VBN O
with IN O
ketamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Under IN O
proper JJ O
control NN O
of IN O
respiration NN O
, , O
body NN O
temperature NN O
and CC O
end NN O
- HYPH O
tidal NN O
CO2 NN O
, , O
intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
fentanyl NN O
( , O
50 CD O
or CC O
100 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
consistently RB O
promoted VBD O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
electromyographic JJ O
activity NN O
recorded VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
gastrocnemius NN O
and CC O
abdominal JJ O
rectus NN O
muscles NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such PDT O
an DT O
induced VBN O
muscular JJ B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
by IN O
the DT O
narcotic JJ O
agent NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
antagonized VBN O
or CC O
even RB O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
prior JJ O
electrolytic JJ O
lesions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
locus NN O
coeruleus NN O
or CC O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
the DT O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
blocker NN O
, , O
prazosin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Microinjection NN O
of IN O
fentanyl NN O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
50 CD O
nl NN O
) -RRB- O
directly RB O
into IN O
this DT O
pontine JJ O
nucleus NN O
, , O
on IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
elicited VBD O
discernible JJ O
electromyographic JJ O
excitation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
speculated VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
induction NN O
of IN O
muscular JJ B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
by IN O
fentanyl NN O
may MD O
involve VB O
the DT O
coerulospinal JJ O
noradrenergic JJ O
fibers NNS O
to IN O
the DT O
spinal JJ O
motoneurons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexmedetomidine NN O
, , O
acting VBG O
through IN O
central JJ O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
adrenoceptors NNS O
, , O
prevents VBZ O
opiate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
highly RB O
- HYPH O
selective JJ O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
adrenergic JJ O
agonist NN O
dexmedetomidine NN O
( -LRB- O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
MED NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
capable JJ O
of IN O
inducing VBG O
muscle NN B-Disease
flaccidity NN I-Disease
and CC O
anesthesia NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intense JJ O
generalized VBN O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
an DT O
undesirable JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
potent JJ O
opiate NN O
agonists NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
neurochemistry NN O
of IN O
opiate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rigidity NN B-Disease
has VBZ O
yet RB O
to TO O
be VB O
fully RB O
elucidated VBN O
, , O
recent JJ O
work NN O
suggests VBZ O
a DT O
role NN O
for IN O
a DT O
central JJ O
adrenergic JJ O
mechanism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
the DT O
authors NNS O
determined VBD O
if IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
MED NNP O
prevents VBZ O
the DT O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
alfentanil NN O
anesthesia NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Animals NNS O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
42 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
intraperitoneally RB O
with IN O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
six CD O
regimens NNS O
: : O
1 CD O
) SYM O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
MED NNP O
( , O
the DT O
inactive JJ O
L NN O
- HYPH O
isomer NN O
of IN O
medetomidine NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
30 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
; : O
2 CD O
) SYM O
D NN O
- HYPH O
MED NN O
, , O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
; : O
3 CD O
) SYM O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
MED NN O
, , O
30 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
; : O
4 CD O
) SYM O
D NN O
- HYPH O
MED NN O
[ -LRB- O
30 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
] -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
central JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
antagonist NN O
, , O
idazoxan NN O
[ -LRB- O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
] -RRB- O
; : O
5 CD O
) SYM O
D NN O
- HYPH O
MED NN O
[ -LRB- O
30 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
] -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
antagonist NN O
DG NNP O
- HYPH O
5128 CD O
[ -LRB- O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
] -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
; : O
6 CD O
) SYM O
saline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Baseline NN O
electromyographic JJ O
activity NN O
was VBD O
recorded VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
gastrocnemius NN O
muscle NN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
drug NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Each DT O
rat NN O
was VBD O
then RB O
injected VBN O
with IN O
alfentanil NN O
( , O
ALF NNP O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
sc NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
ALF NNP O
injection NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
marked JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
hindlimb NN O
EMG NNP O
activity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
MED NNP O
treatment NN O
group NN O
which WDT O
was VBD O
indistinguishable JJ O
from IN O
that DT O
seen VBN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
MED NNP O
prevented VBD O
alfentanil NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
fashion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
small JJ O
EMG NNP O
values NNS O
obtained VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
MED NNP O
group NN O
were VBD O
comparable JJ O
with IN O
those DT O
recorded VBN O
in IN O
earlier JJR O
studies NNS O
from IN O
control NN O
animals NNS O
not RB O
given VBN O
any DT O
opiate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
MED NN O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
flaccid JJ O
, , O
akinetic JJ B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
lacked VBD O
a DT O
startle JJ B-Disease
response NN O
during IN O
the DT O
entire JJ O
experimental JJ O
period NN O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) : O
null null null-Disease
Some DT O
central JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
repeated VBN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
fluvoxamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
repeated VBN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
fluvoxamine NN O
, , O
a DT O
selective JJ O
serotonin NN O
uptake NN O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
on IN O
behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
dopaminomimetics NNS O
and CC O
methoxamine NN O
and CC O
on IN O
the DT O
animal NN O
behavior NN O
in IN O
the DT O
"""" `` O
behavioral JJ O
despair NN O
"""" '' O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
repeated VBN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
fluvoxamine NN O
( , O
twice RB O
daily RB O
for IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
) , O
potentiated VBN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
and CC O
in IN O
rats NNS O
( : O
weaker JJR O
) , O
the DT O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
nomifensine NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
remained VBD O
unaffected JJ O
by IN O
fluvoxamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
by IN O
intracerebroventricularly RB O
administered VBN O
methoxamine NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
repeated VBN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
fluvoxamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Given VBN O
three CD O
times NNS O
fluvoxamine NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
immobilization NN O
time NN O
in IN O
the DT O
"""" `` O
behavioral JJ O
despair NN O
"""" '' O
test NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
fluvoxamine NN O
given VBN O
repeatedly RB O
acts VBZ O
differently RB O
than IN O
citalopram NN O
, , O
another DT O
selective JJ O
serotonin NN O
uptake NN O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
and CC O
differs VBZ O
also RB O
from IN O
other JJ O
antidepressant JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
a DT O
specific JJ O
platelet NN O
- HYPH O
activating VBG O
factor NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
BN NNP O
52021 CD O
, , O
on IN O
bupivacaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
impairments NNS I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
local JJ O
anaesthetic JJ O
bupivacaine NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
or CC O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
rats NNS O
elicited VBD O
a DT O
marked JJ O
decrease NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
mean JJ I-Disease
arterial JJ I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
( , I-Disease
MBP NN I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
rate NN I-Disease
( -LRB- I-Disease
HR NN I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
leading VBG O
to IN O
death NN O
( : O
in IN O
67 CD O
% NN O
or CC O
90 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
animals NNS O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
the DT O
specific JJ O
platelet NN O
- HYPH O
activating VBG O
factor NN O
( -LRB- O
PAF NNP O
) -RRB- O
antagonist NN O
BN NNP O
52021 CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
30 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
bupivacaine NN O
administration NN O
( : O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
suppressed VBD O
both CC O
the DT O
decrease NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
MBP NNP I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
HR NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
doses NNS O
of IN O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
BN NN O
52021 CD O
given VBN O
30 CD O
min NN O
before RB O
or CC O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
administered VBN O
5 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
i PRP O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
injection NN O
of IN O
bupivacaine NN O
were VBD O
ineffective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
BN NNP O
52021 CD O
( : O
20 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
injected VBN O
immediately RB O
after IN O
bupivacaine NN O
( : O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
partial JJ O
reversion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
decrease NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
MBP NNP I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
HR NN I-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
, , O
whereas IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
was VBD O
ineffective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
partial JJ O
recovery NN O
of IN O
bupivacaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ECG NNP O
alterations NNS O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
after IN O
pretreatment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rats NNS O
with IN O
BN NNP O
52021 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
BN NNP O
52021 CD O
, , O
at IN O
all DT O
doses NNS O
studied VBN O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
alter VB O
MBP NNP O
and CC O
HR NN O
at IN O
the DT O
doses NNS O
used VBN O
, , O
the DT O
bulk NN O
of IN O
these DT O
results NNS O
clearly RB O
demonstrate VBP O
a DT O
protective JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
BN NNP O
52021 CD O
, , O
a DT O
specific JJ O
antagonist NN O
of IN O
PAF NNP O
, , O
against IN O
bupivacaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
its PRP$ O
direct JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
heart NN O
, , O
PAF NNP O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
bupivacaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
alterations NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
epidemiology NN O
of IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
flank NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
syndrome NN O
from IN O
suprofen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Suprofen NNP O
, , O
a DT O
new JJ O
nonsteroidal JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
drug NN O
, , O
was VBD O
marketed VBN O
in IN O
early JJ O
1986 CD O
as IN O
an DT O
analgesic JJ O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Until IN O
physicians NNS O
began VBD O
reporting VBG O
an DT O
unusual JJ O
acute JJ O
flank NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
syndrome NN O
to IN O
the DT O
spontaneous JJ O
reporting NN O
system NN O
, , O
700 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
persons NNS O
used VBD O
the DT O
drug NN O
in IN O
the DT O
United NNP O
States NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Through IN O
August NNP O
1986 CD O
, , O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
163 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
syndrome NN O
were VBD O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
elucidate VB O
the DT O
epidemiology NN O
of IN O
the DT O
syndrome NN O
, , O
a DT O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
, , O
comparing VBG O
62 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
case NN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
spontaneous JJ O
reporting NN O
system NN O
to IN O
185 CD O
suprofen NN O
- HYPH O
exposed VBN O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
who WP O
did VBD O
not RB O
have VB O
the DT O
syndrome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Case NN O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
more RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
men NNS O
( , O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
, , O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
- SYM O
12 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
suffer VB O
from IN O
hay NN B-Disease
fever NN I-Disease
and CC O
asthma NN B-Disease
( : O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
, , O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
- SYM O
11 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
to TO O
participate VB O
in IN O
regular JJ O
exercise NN O
( : O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
, , O
5 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- SYM O
30 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
especially RB O
in IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
Nautilus NNP O
equipment NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
02 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
and CC O
to TO O
use VB O
alcohol NN O
( : O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
, , O
4 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- SYM O
17 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
included VBD O
young JJ O
age NN O
, , O
concurrent JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
other JJ O
analgesic JJ O
agents NNS O
( , O
especially RB O
ibuprofen NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
preexisting VBG O
renal JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
kidney NN B-Disease
stones NNS I-Disease
, , O
a DT O
history NN O
of IN O
gout NN B-Disease
, , O
a DT O
recent JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
activity NN O
, , O
a DT O
recent JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
sun NN O
exposure NN O
, , O
and CC O
residence NN O
in IN O
the DT O
Sunbelt NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
were VBD O
findings NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
suggestive JJ O
but CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
reach VB O
conventional JJ O
statistical JJ O
significance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
are VBP O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
postulated JJ O
mechanism NN O
for IN O
this DT O
unusual JJ O
syndrome NN O
: : O
acute JJ O
diffuse JJ O
crystallization NN O
of IN O
uric NN O
acid NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
tubules NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phlorizin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
glycosuria NN B-Disease
does VBZ O
not RB O
prevent VB O
gentamicin JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
streptozotocin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
diabetes NNS B-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
( , O
DM NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
have VBP O
a DT O
high JJ O
solute JJ O
diuresis NN O
( , O
glycosuria NN B-Disease
of IN O
10 CD O
to TO O
12 CD O
g NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
we PRP O
have VBP O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
this DT O
may MD O
in IN O
part NN O
be VB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
their PRP$ O
resistance NN O
to IN O
gentamicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
( : O
ARF NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
protection NN O
from IN O
gentamicin JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
solute JJ O
diuresis NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
blockage NN O
of IN O
tubular JJ O
glucose NN O
reabsorption NN O
with IN O
phlorizin NN O
( -LRB- O
P NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DM NNP B-Disease
rats NNS O
with IN O
mild JJ O
glycosuria NN B-Disease
( , O
similar JJ O
in IN O
degree NN O
to IN O
that DT O
of IN O
the DT O
P NNP O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
also RB O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Unanesthetized JJ O
adult NN O
female JJ O
, , O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
divided VBN O
in IN O
four CD O
groups NNS O
and CC O
studied VBD O
for IN O
15 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Group NN O
1 CD O
( SYM O
P NNP O
alone RB O
) -RRB- O
received VBD O
P NNP O
, , O
360 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
, , O
for IN O
15 CD O
days NNS O
; : O
Group NNP O
II NNP O
( : O
P NN O
+ SYM O
gentamicin NNP O
) -RRB- O
; : O
Group NNP O
III NNP O
( , O
gentamicin NN O
alone RB O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
Group NNP O
IV NNP O
( , O
mild NN O
DM NN B-Disease
+ CC O
gentamicin NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
doses NNS O
( : O
40 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
body NN O
wt NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
gentamicin NN O
were VBD O
injected VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
nine CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
study NN O
to IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
of IN O
groups NNS O
II CD O
to IN O
IV NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Group NNP O
I NNP O
, , O
P NN O
induced VBD O
a DT O
moderate JJ O
and CC O
stable JJ O
glycosuria NN B-Disease
( , O
3 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
, , O
SE NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
no DT O
functional JJ O
or CC O
morphologic JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
( : O
baseline NN O
CCr NN O
2 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
ml NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
, , O
undetectable JJ O
lysozymuria NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
damage NN O
( CC O
tubular JJ B-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
score NN O
[ -LRB- O
maximum NN O
4 CD O
] -RRB- O
, , O
zero CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Group NNP O
II NNP O
, , O
P NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
prevent VB O
gentamicin NN O
- HYPH O
ARF NN B-Disease
( , O
maximal JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
CCr NN O
at IN O
day NN O
9 CD O
. . O
89 CD O
% NN O
, , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
; : O
peak NN O
lysozymuria NN O
, , O
1863 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
321 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
; : O
and CC O
tubular JJ B-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
score NN O
, , O
3 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
values NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
those DT O
of IN O
Group NNP O
III NNP O
: : O
maximal JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
CCr NNP O
73 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
lysozymuria NNP O
, , O
2147 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
701 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
; : O
tubular JJ B-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
score NN O
, , O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) -RRB- O
null null null-Disease
Catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
combinations NNS O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
and CC O
morphine NN O
: : O
potentiation NN O
, , O
antagonism NN O
, , O
tolerance NN O
and CC O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
tolerance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
studies NNS O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
both CC O
ketamine NN O
and CC O
morphine NN O
induced VBD O
analgesia NN B-Disease
and CC O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pre VB O
- HYPH O
treatment NN O
with IN O
ketamine NN O
produced VBD O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
tolerance NN O
to IN O
morphine NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
morphine NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
induce VB O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
tolerance NN O
to IN O
ketamine NN O
but CC O
rather RB O
augmented VBD O
the DT O
cataleptic JJ B-Disease
response NN O
; : O
this DT O
augmentation NN O
was VBD O
attributed VBN O
to IN O
residual JJ O
morphine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
studies NNS O
explored VBD O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
loss NN O
of IN O
righting NN O
reflex NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
effective JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
and CC O
morphine NN O
, , O
administered VBN O
simultaneously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
mutual JJ O
potentiation NN O
between IN O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
effective JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
and CC O
morphine NN O
, , O
but CC O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
effective JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
partly RB O
antagonized VBN O
fully RB O
- HYPH O
effective JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Latency NN O
to IN O
the DT O
loss NN O
of IN O
righting NN O
reflex NN O
, , O
rigidity NN B-Disease
and CC O
behavior NN O
on IN O
recovery NN O
, , O
reflected VBD O
the DT O
relative JJ O
predominance NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
or CC O
morphine NN O
in IN O
each DT O
combination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Naloxone NNP O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
induced VBN O
cataleptic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
degree NN O
and CC O
time NN O
course NN O
of IN O
development NN O
of IN O
tolerance NN O
to IN O
daily JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
sub NN O
- HYPH O
effective JJ O
dose NN O
combinations NNS O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
and CC O
morphine NN O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
, , O
tolerant JJ O
to IN O
ketamine NN O
- HYPH O
dominant JJ O
combinations NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
cross NN O
- HYPH O
tolerant JJ O
to IN O
both DT O
drugs NNS O
, , O
while IN O
those DT O
tolerant JJ O
to IN O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
dominant JJ O
combinations NNS O
were VBD O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
tolerant JJ O
to IN O
morphine NN O
but CC O
showed VBD O
either CC O
no DT O
cross NN O
- HYPH O
tolerance NN O
or CC O
an DT O
augmented JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
ketamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
the DT O
mutual JJ O
potentiation NN O
, , O
antagonism NN O
and CC O
tolerance NN O
suggest VBP O
common JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
differences NNS O
in IN O
latency NN O
, , O
rigidity NN B-Disease
and CC O
behavior NN O
, , O
asymmetry NN O
of IN O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
tolerance NN O
and CC O
a DT O
widely RB O
- HYPH O
different JJ O
ID50 NN O
for IN O
naloxone NN O
would MD O
argue VB O
against IN O
an DT O
action NN O
at IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
opioid JJ O
site NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hydrocortisone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
humans NNS O
: : O
pressor NN O
responsiveness NN O
and CC O
sympathetic JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oral JJ O
hydrocortisone NN O
increases VBZ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
enhances VBZ O
pressor NN O
responsiveness NN O
in IN O
normal JJ O
human JJ O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
studied VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
1 CD O
week NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
hydrocortisone NN O
( : O
200 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
, , O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
, , O
total JJ O
peripheral JJ O
resistance NN O
, , O
forearm NN O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
, , O
and CC O
norepinephrine NN O
spillover NN O
to IN O
plasma NN O
in IN O
eight CD O
healthy JJ O
male JJ O
volunteers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
diastolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
remained VBD O
unchanged JJ O
, , O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
increased VBD O
from IN O
119 CD O
to IN O
135 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NNP O
( , O
SED NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
, , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
increased VBN B-Disease
cardiac JJ I-Disease
output NN I-Disease
( , O
5 CD O
. . O
85 CD O
- SYM O
7 CD O
. . O
73 CD O
l NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
, , O
SED NN O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
46 CD O
, , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Total JJ O
peripheral JJ O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
fell VBD O
from IN O
15 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
to IN O
12 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mm NN O
Hg CD O
/ SYM O
l NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
( : O
SED NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
, , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Resting VBG O
forearm NN O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
remained VBD O
unchanged JJ O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
reflex JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
the DT O
cold JJ O
pressor NN O
test NN O
was VBD O
accentuated VBN O
, , O
the DT O
rise NN O
in IN O
resistance NN O
increasing VBG O
from IN O
10 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NNP O
/ SYM O
ml NNP O
/ SYM O
100 CD O
ml NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
( HYPH O
R NN O
units NNS O
) -RRB- O
before IN O
treatment NN O
to IN O
32 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
R NN O
units NNS O
after IN O
treatment NN O
( : O
SED NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
, , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
025 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rise NN O
in IN O
forearm NN O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
accompanying VBG O
intra NN O
- HYPH O
arterial JJ O
norepinephrine NN O
( , O
25 CD O
, , O
50 CD O
, , O
and CC O
100 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
) , O
was VBD O
also RB O
significantly RB O
greater JJR O
after IN O
hydrocortisone NN O
, , O
increasing VBG O
from IN O
an DT O
average NN O
of IN O
14 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
R NN O
units NNS O
before IN O
treatment NN O
to IN O
35 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
R NN O
units NNS O
after IN O
hydrocortisone NN O
( : O
SED NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
, , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
shift NN O
to IN O
the DT O
left NN O
in IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
response NN O
relation NN O
and CC O
fall NN O
in IN O
threshold NN O
suggested VBD O
increased VBN O
sensitivity NN O
to IN O
norepinephrine NN O
after IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Measurement NN O
of IN O
resting VBG O
norepinephrine NN O
spillover NN O
rate NN O
to IN O
plasma NN O
and CC O
norepinephrine NN O
uptake NN O
indicated VBD O
that IN O
overall RB O
resting VBG O
sympathetic JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
activity NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
increased VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rise NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
resting VBG I-Disease
blood NN I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
with IN O
hydrocortisone NN O
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
increased VBN B-Disease
cardiac JJ I-Disease
output NN I-Disease
( , O
presumably RB O
due JJ O
to IN O
increased VBN O
blood NN O
volume NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
( , O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) : O
null null null-Disease
Neuromuscular JJ B-Disease
blockade NN I-Disease
with IN O
magnesium NN O
sulfate NN O
and CC O
nifedipine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
received VBD O
tocolysis NN O
with IN O
nifedipine NN O
developed VBD O
neuromuscular JJ B-Disease
blockade NN I-Disease
after IN O
500 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
magnesium NN O
sulfate NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
reaction NN O
demonstrates VBZ O
that IN O
nifedipine NN O
can MD O
seriously RB O
potentiate VB O
the DT O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
magnesium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Caution NN O
should MD O
be VB O
exercised VBN O
when WRB O
these DT O
two CD O
tocolytics NNS O
are VBP O
combined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ O
carbamazepine NN O
inhibits VBZ O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
local JJ O
anesthetic JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
kindled VBN O
by IN O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
lidocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
carbamazepine NN O
( -LRB- O
CBZ NN O
) -RRB- O
treatment NN O
on IN O
local JJ O
anesthetic JJ O
- HYPH O
kindled VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
lethality NN O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
different JJ O
stages NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
kindling NN O
process NN O
and CC O
under IN O
different JJ O
methods NNS O
of IN O
CBZ NNP O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ O
oral JJ O
CBZ NNP O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
both CC O
lidocaine NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
had VBD O
little JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
fully RB O
developed VBN O
local JJ O
anesthetic JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic NNP O
CBZ NNP O
also RB O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
related VBN O
mortality NN O
in IN O
the DT O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
injected VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute NNP O
CBZ NNP O
over IN O
a DT O
range NN O
of IN O
doses NNS O
( : O
15 CD O
- SYM O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
completed VBN O
lidocaine NN O
- HYPH O
kindled VBN O
or CC O
acute JJ O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Repeated VBN O
i PRP O
. . O
p UH O
. . O
injection NN O
of IN O
CBZ NNP O
( : O
15 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
also RB O
was VBD O
without IN O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
lidocaine NN O
- HYPH O
or CC O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
kindled VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
differential JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
CBZ NNP O
depending VBG O
upon IN O
stage NN O
of IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
development NN O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
distinct JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
underlie VBP O
the DT O
development NN O
versus IN O
maintenance NN O
of IN O
local JJ O
anesthetic JJ O
- HYPH O
kindled VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effectiveness NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
but CC O
not RB O
repeated VBN O
, , O
intermittent JJ O
injections NNS O
of IN O
CBZ NNP O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
different JJ O
biochemical JJ O
consequences NNS O
result VBP O
from IN O
the DT O
different JJ O
treatment NN O
regimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possible JJ O
utility NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
CBZ NN O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
toxic JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
in IN O
human JJ O
cocaine NN O
users NNS O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
by IN O
these DT O
data NNS O
, , O
but CC O
remains VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
directly RB O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
imaging NN O
of IN O
cerebral JJ O
venous JJ B-Disease
thrombosis NN I-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
"""" `` O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
"""" '' O
birth NN O
control NN O
pills NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
radiographic JJ O
features NNS O
of IN O
cerebral JJ O
deep JJ B-Disease
venous NN I-Disease
thrombosis NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
21 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
white JJ O
woman NN O
are VBP O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
nulliparous JJ O
patient NN O
presented VBD O
with IN O
relatively RB O
mild JJ O
clinical JJ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
progressing VBG O
mental JJ O
status NN O
changes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
only JJ O
known VBN O
risk NN O
factor NN O
was VBD O
"""" `` O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
"""" '' O
oral JJ O
contraceptive NN O
pills NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
image NN O
( , O
MRI NNP O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
increased VBN O
signal NN O
intensity NN O
from IN O
the DT O
internal JJ O
cerebral JJ O
veins NNS O
, , O
vein NN O
of IN O
Galen NNP O
, , O
and CC O
straight JJ O
sinus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
diagnosis NN O
was VBD O
confirmed VBN O
by IN O
arterial JJ O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Beta NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
its PRP$ O
abolishment NN O
by IN O
oxprenolol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
time NN O
course NN O
and CC O
concentration NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
relationship NN O
of IN O
terbutaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
studied VBN O
, , O
using VBG O
computer NN O
- HYPH O
aided VBN O
pharmacokinetic JJ O
- HYPH O
dynamic JJ O
modeling NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subsequently RB O
we PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
oxprenolol NN O
in IN O
antagonizing VBG O
such JJ O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
, , O
together RB O
with IN O
the DT O
pharmacokinetic JJ O
interaction NN O
between IN O
both DT O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
healthy JJ O
subjects NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
a DT O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
subcutaneous JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
terbutaline NN O
on IN O
two CD O
occasions NNS O
: : O
1 CD O
hour NN O
after IN O
oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
a DT O
placebo NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
hour NN O
after IN O
80 CD O
mg NN O
oxprenolol NN O
orally RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
period NN O
after IN O
terbutaline NN O
administration NN O
, , O
plasma NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
taken VBN O
for IN O
determination NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
potassium NN O
levels NNS O
and CC O
drug NN O
concentrations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
sigmoid NN O
Emax NNP O
model NN O
offered VBD O
a DT O
good JJ O
description NN O
of IN O
the DT O
relation NN O
between IN O
terbutaline NN O
concentrations NNS O
and CC O
potassium NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oxprenolol NNP O
caused VBD O
decreases NNS O
of IN O
65 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
56 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
terbutaline NN O
volume NN O
of IN O
distribution NN O
and CC O
clearance NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
and CC O
an DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
130 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
AUC NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
spite NN O
of IN O
higher JJR O
terbutaline NN O
concentrations NNS O
after IN O
oxprenolol NN O
pretreatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
almost RB O
completely RB O
antagonized VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
beta NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
blocking VBG O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
dystonia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
syndrome NN O
after IN O
neuropeptide NN O
( , O
MSH NNP O
/ SYM O
ACTH NNP O
) -RRB- O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
locus NN O
ceruleus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
movement NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
investigated VBN O
in IN O
these DT O
studies NNS O
has VBZ O
some DT O
features NNS O
in IN O
common JJ O
with IN O
human JJ O
idiopathic JJ O
dystonia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
information NN O
obtained VBN O
in IN O
these DT O
studies NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
of IN O
potential JJ O
clinical JJ O
benefit NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
experimental JJ O
results NNS O
indicated VBD O
that IN O
peptidergic JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
LC NNP O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
NE NNP O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
cerebellar JJ O
Purkinje NNP O
cells NNS O
located VBN O
at IN O
terminals NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
ceruleo JJ O
- HYPH O
cerebellar NN O
pathway NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
certain JJ O
as IN O
to IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
: : O
( : O
a DT O
) -RRB- O
what WDT O
receptors NNS O
were VBD O
stimulated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
ACTH NNP O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
terminal JJ O
fragments NNS O
at IN O
the DT O
LC NNP O
that WDT O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
this DT O
disorder NN O
; : O
( : O
b LS O
) -RRB- O
whether IN O
NE NNP O
, , O
released VBN O
onto IN O
Purkinje NNP O
cell NN O
synapses NNS O
located VBN O
at IN O
terminals NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
ceruleo JJ O
- HYPH O
cerebellar NN O
pathway NN O
, , O
did VBD O
indeed RB O
cause VB O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
depression NN B-Disease
at IN O
Purkinje NNP O
cell NN O
synapses NNS O
( , O
previously RB O
described VBN O
by IN O
others NNS O
) -RRB- O
that WDT O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
movement NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
; : O
( , O
c NN O
) , O
whether IN O
the DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
inhibitory JJ O
Purkinje NNP O
cells NNS O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
disinhibition NN O
or CC O
increased VBN O
excitability NN O
of IN O
the DT O
unilateral JJ O
cerebellar JJ O
fastigial JJ O
or CC O
interpositus NN O
nuclei NNS O
, , O
the DT O
output NN O
targets NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
Purkinje NNP O
cell NN O
axons NNS O
, , O
that WDT O
may MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
an DT O
important JJ O
contributing VBG O
factor NN O
to IN O
this DT O
disorder NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
questions NNS O
are VBP O
currently RB O
being VBG O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Enhanced VBN O
stimulus NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurotransmitter NN O
overflow NN O
in IN O
epinephrine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
is VBZ O
not RB O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
prejunctional JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
activation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
examines VBZ O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
epinephrine NN O
treatment NN O
( : O
100 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
h NN O
, , O
s NN O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
stimulus NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
( , O
1 CD O
Hz NN O
) -RRB- O
endogenous JJ O
neurotransmitter NN O
overflow NN O
from IN O
the DT O
isolated VBN O
perfused VBN O
kidney NN O
of IN O
vehicle NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
epinephrine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
catecholamine NN O
stores NNS O
and CC O
stimulus NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
overflow NN O
in IN O
the DT O
vehicle NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
norepinephrine NN O
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
epinephrine NN O
treatment NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
incorporation NN O
of IN O
epinephrine NN O
into IN O
renal JJ O
catecholamine NN O
stores NNS O
such JJ O
that IN O
approximately RB O
40 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
catecholamine NN O
present JJ O
was VBD O
epinephrine NN O
while IN O
the DT O
norepinephrine NN O
content NN O
was VBD O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
similar JJ O
degree NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Total JJ O
tissue NN O
catecholamine NN O
content NN O
of IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
on IN O
a DT O
molar JJ O
basis NN O
was VBD O
unchanged JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Stimulus NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
fractional JJ O
overflow NN O
of IN O
neurotransmitter NN O
from IN O
the DT O
epinephrine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
kidneys NNS O
was VBD O
approximately RB O
twice RB O
normal JJ O
and CC O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
both CC O
norepinephrine NN O
and CC O
epinephrine NN O
in IN O
proportions NNS O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
found VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
difference NN O
in IN O
fractional JJ O
overflow NN O
between IN O
groups NNS O
was VBD O
not RB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
neuronal JJ O
and CC O
extraneuronal JJ O
uptake NN O
blockade NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Propranolol NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
stimulus NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
overflow NN O
in IN O
either DT O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phentolamine NN O
increased VBD O
stimulus NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
overflow NN O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
although IN O
the DT O
increment NN O
in IN O
overflow NN O
was VBD O
greater JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
epinephrine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
chronic JJ O
epinephrine NN O
treatment NN O
results VBZ O
in IN O
enhanced VBN O
fractional JJ O
neurotransmitter NN O
overflow NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
neither CC O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
prejunctional JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
influences NNS O
nor CC O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
neuronal JJ O
and CC O
extraneuronal JJ O
uptake NN O
mechanisms NNS O
appear VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
this DT O
alteration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
data NNS O
obtained VBN O
with IN O
phentolamine NN O
alone RB O
do VBP O
not RB O
suggest VB O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
desensitization NN O
as IN O
the DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
the DT O
enhanced VBN O
neurotransmitter NN O
overflow NN O
after IN O
epinephrine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
GABA NNP O
involvement NN O
in IN O
naloxone NN O
induced VBN O
reversal NN O
of IN O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
paralysis NN I-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
thiopental JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
agent NN O
is VBZ O
yet RB O
available JJ O
to TO O
reverse VB O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
paralysis NN I-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
CNS NNP O
depressants NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
general JJ O
anesthetics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
study NN O
naloxone NN O
reversed VBD O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
paralysis NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
thiopental JJ O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
25 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
thiopental NN O
produced VBD O
anesthesia NN O
without IN O
altering VBG O
respiratory JJ O
rate NN O
, , O
increased VBN O
GABA NNP O
, , O
decreased VBN O
glutamate NN O
, , O
and CC O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
aspartate NN O
or CC O
glycine NN O
levels NNS O
compared VBN O
to IN O
controls NNS O
in IN O
rat NN O
cortex NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
stem NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
thiosemicarbazide NN O
for IN O
30 CD O
minutes NNS O
abolished VBD O
the DT O
anesthetic JJ O
action NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
the DT O
respiratory JJ O
depressant JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
thiopental JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
thiopental NN O
produced VBD O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
with IN O
further JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
GABA NNP O
and CC O
decrease VBP O
in IN O
glutamate NN O
again RB O
in IN O
cortex NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
stem NN O
without IN O
affecting VBG O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
amino NN O
acids NNS O
studied VBN O
in IN O
four CD O
regions NNS O
of IN O
rat JJ O
brain NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Naloxone NNP O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i CD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
reversed VBD O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
paralysis NN I-Disease
, , O
glutamate NN O
and CC O
GABA NNP O
levels NNS O
to TO O
control VB O
values NNS O
in IN O
brain NN O
stem NN O
and CC O
cortex NN O
with IN O
no DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
caudate NN O
or CC O
cerebellum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
naloxone NN O
reverses VBZ O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
paralysis NN I-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
thiopental JJ O
and CC O
involves VBZ O
GABA NNP O
in IN O
its PRP$ O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diazepam NNP O
facilitates VBZ O
reflex NN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
in IN O
conscious JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
diazepam NN O
on IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
function NN O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
conscious JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
diazepam NN O
( : O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
30 CD O
mg NN O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
produced VBD O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
both CC O
the DT O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
and CC O
the DT O
heart NN O
rate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Also RB O
, , O
reflex NN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
produced VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
by IN O
intravenous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
adrenaline NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
- SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
pretreatment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rats NNS O
with IN O
diazepam NN O
, , O
although IN O
causing VBG O
no DT O
change NN O
in IN O
the DT O
adrenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
pressor NN O
effect NN O
, , O
did VBD O
enhance VB O
the DT O
adrenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
reflex NN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
diazepam NN O
enhancement NN O
of IN O
adrenaline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
reflex NN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
antagonized VBN O
by IN O
pretreatment NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
an DT O
intravenous JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
picrotoxin NN O
( , O
an DT O
agent NN O
blocks VBZ O
chloride NN O
channels NNS O
by IN O
binding VBG O
to IN O
sites NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
benzodiazepine NN O
- HYPH O
GABA NN O
- HYPH O
chloride NN O
channel NN O
macromolecular JJ O
complex NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
diazepam NN O
acts VBZ O
through IN O
the DT O
benzodiazepine NN O
- HYPH O
GABA NN O
- HYPH O
chloride NN O
channel NN O
macromolecular JJ O
complex NN O
within IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
to TO O
facilitate VB O
reflex NN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
mediated VBN O
through IN O
baroreceptor NN O
reflexes NNS O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
an DT O
acute JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Initial JJ O
potassium NN O
loss NN O
and CC O
hypokalaemia NN B-Disease
during IN O
chlorthalidone NN O
administration NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
essential JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
: : O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
dietary JJ O
sodium NN O
restriction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
initial JJ O
potassium NN O
loss NN O
and CC O
development NN O
of IN O
hypokalaemia NN B-Disease
during IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
an DT O
oral JJ O
diuretic JJ O
, , O
metabolic JJ O
balance NN O
studies NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
in IN O
ten CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
essential JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
who WP O
had VBD O
shown VBN O
hypokalaemia NN B-Disease
under IN O
prior JJ O
oral JJ O
diuretic JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chlorthalidone NNP O
( : O
50 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
given VBN O
for IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
a DT O
normal JJ O
- HYPH O
sodium NN O
diet NN O
and CC O
four CD O
a DT O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
sodium NN O
( SYM O
17 CD O
mmol NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
diet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
normal JJ O
initial JJ O
total JJ O
body NN O
potassium NN O
( SYM O
40K CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
electrolyte NN O
balances NNS O
, , O
weight NN O
, , O
bromide NN O
space NN O
, , O
plasma NN O
renin NN O
activity NN O
, , O
and CC O
aldosterone NN O
secretion NN O
rate NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
a DT O
potassium NN O
deficit NN O
developed VBD O
, , O
with IN O
proportionally RB O
larger JJR O
losses NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
extracellular JJ O
than IN O
from IN O
the DT O
intracellular JJ O
compartment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
- HYPH O
sodium NN O
group NN O
the DT O
highest JJS O
mean JJ O
potassium NN O
deficit NN O
was VBD O
176 CD O
mmol NN O
on IN O
day NN O
9 CD O
, , O
after IN O
which WDT O
some DT O
potassium NN O
was VBD O
regained VBN O
; : O
in IN O
the DT O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
sodium NN O
group NN O
the DT O
highest JJS O
deficit NN O
was VBD O
276 CD O
mmol NN O
on IN O
day NN O
13 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
normal JJ O
- HYPH O
sodium NN O
group NN O
showed VBD O
an DT O
immediate JJ O
but CC O
temporary JJ O
rise NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renin NN O
and CC O
aldosterone NN O
levels NNS O
; : O
in IN O
the DT O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
sodium NN O
group NN O
renin NN O
and CC O
aldosterone NN O
increased VBD O
more RBR O
slowly RB O
but CC O
remained VBD O
elevated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
dietary JJ O
sodium NN O
restriction NN O
increases VBZ O
diuretic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
potassium NN O
loss NN O
, , O
presumably RB O
by IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
activity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renin NN O
- HYPH O
angiotensin NN O
- HYPH O
aldosterone NN O
system NN O
, , O
while IN O
sodium NN O
delivery NN O
to IN O
the DT O
distal JJ O
renal JJ O
tubules NNS O
remains VBZ O
sufficiently RB O
high JJ O
to TO O
allow VB O
increased VBN O
potassium NN O
secretion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reversal NN O
of IN O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
by IN O
novel NN O
aryl NN O
- HYPH O
piperazine NN O
anxiolytic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
novel JJ O
anxiolytic JJ O
drug NN O
, , O
buspirone NN O
, , O
reverses VBZ O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
haloperidol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
series NN O
of IN O
aryl NN O
- HYPH O
piperazine NN O
analogues NNS O
of IN O
buspirone NN O
and CC O
other JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxytryptaminergic JJ O
agonists NNS O
were VBD O
tested VBN O
for IN O
their PRP$ O
ability NN O
to TO O
reverse VB O
haloperidol NN O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Those DT O
drugs NNS O
with IN O
strong JJ O
affinity NN O
for IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxytryptamine1a NN O
receptors NNS O
were VBD O
able JJ O
to TO O
reverse VB O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drugs NNS O
with IN O
affinity NN O
for IN O
other JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NNP O
receptors NNS O
or CC O
weak JJ O
affinity NN O
were VBD O
ineffective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
postsynaptic JJ O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT NN O
receptors NNS O
neither CC O
inhibited VBN O
nor CC O
potentiated VBN O
reversal NN O
of IN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
and CC O
leaves VBZ O
open JJ O
the DT O
question NN O
as IN O
to IN O
the DT O
site NN O
or CC O
mechanism NN O
for IN O
this DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glycopyrronium NN O
requirements NNS O
for IN O
antagonism NN O
of IN O
the DT O
muscarinic JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
edrophonium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
compared VBN O
, , O
in IN O
60 CD O
adult NN O
patients NNS O
, , O
the DT O
cardiovascular JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
glycopyrronium NN O
5 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
given VBN O
either CC O
simultaneously RB O
or CC O
1 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
edrophonium NN O
1 CD O
mg NN O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Significant JJ O
differences NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
four CD O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
detected VBN O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
groups NNS O
receiving VBG O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
showed VBD O
increases NNS O
in IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
up IN O
to TO O
30 CD O
beat NN O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
limits NNS O
28 CD O
- SYM O
32 CD O
beat NN O
min NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Use NN O
of IN O
glycopyrronium NN O
5 CD O
micrograms NNS O
kg NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
provided VBD O
greater JJR O
cardiovascular JJ O
stability NN O
and CC O
, , O
given VBN O
1 CD O
min NN O
before IN O
the DT O
edrophonium NN O
, , O
was VBD O
sufficient JJ O
to TO O
minimize VB O
early JJ O
, , O
edrophonium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
bradycardias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
low JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
glycopyrronium NN O
provided VBD O
good JJ O
control NN O
of IN O
oropharyngeal JJ O
secretions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Selective JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
iopentol NN O
, , O
iohexol NN O
and CC O
metrizoate NN O
into IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
coronary JJ O
artery NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dog NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Induction NN O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
and CC O
decrease NN O
of IN O
aortic JJ O
pressure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
twenty CD O
beagle JJ O
dogs NNS O
selective JJ O
injections NNS O
were VBD O
made VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
coronary JJ O
artery NN O
with IN O
iopentol NN O
, , O
iohexol NN O
and CC O
metrizoate NN O
in IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
4 CD O
ml NNS O
, , O
8 CD O
ml NNS O
and CC O
16 CD O
ml NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
iopentol NN O
injections NNS O
, , O
35 CD O
iohexol NN O
injections NNS O
and CC O
37 CD O
metrizoate NN O
injections NNS O
were VBD O
made VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Frequencies NNS O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
were VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
( , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
iopentol NN O
( : O
0 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
iohexol NN O
( : O
3 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
after IN O
metrizoate NN O
( : O
22 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Iopentol NNP O
and CC O
iohexol NN O
also RB O
produced VBD O
significantly RB O
less JJR O
decrease NN O
in IN O
aortic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
than IN O
metrizoate NN O
at IN O
the DT O
different JJ O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thyroid NN O
function NN O
and CC O
urine NN O
- HYPH O
concentrating VBG O
ability NN O
during IN O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
adenylate JJ O
cyclase NN O
inhibition NN O
may MD O
be VB O
important JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
both CC O
nephrogenic JJ B-Disease
diabetes NNS I-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
and CC O
hypothyroidism NN B-Disease
during IN O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
measured VBD O
serum NN O
thyroxine NN O
and CC O
urine NN O
- HYPH O
concentrating VBG O
ability NN O
( , O
Umax NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
desmopressin NN O
( , O
DDAVP NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
85 CD O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
lithium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypothyroidism NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
in IN O
eight CD O
patients NNS O
while IN O
they PRP O
were VBD O
taking VBG O
lithium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Impaired VBN O
Umax NNP O
was VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
both CC O
euthyroid NN O
and CC O
hypothyroid NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
while IN O
some DT O
hypothyroid JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
concentrated VBD O
their PRP$ O
urine NN O
well RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
dominant JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
by IN O
which WDT O
lithium NN O
exerts VBZ O
these DT O
two CD O
effects NNS O
are VBP O
different JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Remodelling NN O
of IN O
nerve JJ O
structure NN O
in IN O
experimental JJ O
isoniazid NN O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
isoniazid NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
computer NN O
- HYPH O
assisted VBN O
morphometric JJ O
method NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Scatter JJ O
diagrams NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
g JJ O
ratio NN O
( , O
quotient NN O
fibre NN O
diameter NN O
/ SYM O
axon NN O
diameter NN O
) -RRB- O
define VBP O
regenerating VBG O
fibres NNS O
as IN O
a DT O
distinct JJ O
population NN O
, , O
distinguishable JJ O
from IN O
the DT O
surviving VBG O
fibres NNS O
by IN O
reduced VBN O
sheath NN O
thickness NN O
and CC O
reduced VBN O
axon NN O
calibre NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
also RB O
evidence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
subtle JJ O
direct JJ O
toxic JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
entire JJ O
fibre NN O
population NN O
, , O
causing VBG O
axon NN O
shrinkage NN O
masked VBN O
by IN O
readjustment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
myelin NN O
sheath NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Multicenter JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
multiple JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
, , O
parallel NN O
- HYPH O
groups NNS O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
trial NN O
of IN O
azelastine NN O
, , O
chlorpheniramine NN O
, , O
and CC O
placebo NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
spring NN B-Disease
allergic JJ I-Disease
rhinitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Azelastine NNP O
, , O
a DT O
novel JJ O
antiallergic JJ O
medication NN O
, , O
was VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
chlorpheniramine NN O
maleate NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
for IN O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
spring NN B-Disease
allergic JJ I-Disease
rhinitis NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
multicenter JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
multiple JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
, , O
parallel NN O
- HYPH O
groups NNS O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
hundred CD O
fifty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
subjects NNS O
participated VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjects NNS O
ranged VBD O
in IN O
age NN O
from IN O
18 CD O
to IN O
60 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
and CC O
had VBD O
at IN O
least JJS O
a DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
history NN O
of IN O
spring NN B-Disease
allergic JJ I-Disease
rhinitis NN I-Disease
, , O
confirmed VBN O
by IN O
positive JJ O
skin NN O
test NN O
to IN O
spring NN O
aeroallergens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Medications NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
four CD O
times NNS O
daily RB O
; : O
the DT O
azelastine NN O
groups NNS O
received VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
, , O
or CC O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
in IN O
the DT O
morning NN O
and CC O
evening NN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
in IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
and CC O
late JJ O
afternoon NN O
; : O
the DT O
chlorpheniramine NN O
group NN O
received VBD O
4 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg CD O
four CD O
times NNS O
daily RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Daily JJ O
subject NN O
symptom NN O
cards NNS O
were VBD O
completed VBN O
during IN O
a DT O
screening NN O
period NN O
to TO O
assess VB O
pretreatment NN O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
during IN O
a DT O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
treatment NN O
period NN O
while IN O
subjects NNS O
received VBD O
study NN O
medications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Individual JJ O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
total JJ O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
and CC O
major JJ O
symptoms NNS O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Elicited VBN O
, , O
volunteered VBD O
, , O
and CC O
observed VBD O
adverse JJ O
experiences NNS O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
for IN O
each DT O
subject NN O
and CC O
compared VBN O
among IN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vital JJ O
signs NNS O
, , O
body NN O
weights NNS O
, , O
serum NN O
chemistry NN O
values NNS O
, , O
complete JJ O
blood NN O
cell NN O
counts NNS O
, , O
urine NN O
studies NNS O
, , O
and CC O
electrocardiograms NNS O
were VBD O
obtained VBN O
for IN O
each DT O
subject NN O
and CC O
compared VBN O
among IN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Symptoms NNS O
relief NN O
in IN O
the DT O
group NN O
receiving VBG O
the DT O
highest JJS O
concentration NN O
of IN O
azelastine NN O
( , O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
twice RB O
daily RB O
) , O
was VBD O
statistically RB O
greater JJR O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
during IN O
all DT O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lower JJR O
doses NNS O
of IN O
azelastine NN O
were VBD O
statistically RB O
more RBR O
effective JJ O
than IN O
placebo NN O
only RB O
during IN O
portions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
although IN O
the DT O
chlorpheniramine NN O
group NN O
did VBD O
have VB O
fewer JJR O
symptoms NNS O
than IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
during IN O
the DT O
study NN O
, , O
the DT O
difference NN O
never RB O
reached VBD O
statistical JJ O
significance NN O
during IN O
any DT O
week NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
serious JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
in IN O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drowsiness NN B-Disease
and CC O
altered JJ B-Disease
taste NN I-Disease
perception NN I-Disease
were VBD O
increased VBN O
significantly RB O
over IN O
placebo NN O
only RB O
in IN O
the DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
azelastine NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Azelastine NNP O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
safe JJ O
, , O
efficacious JJ O
medication NN O
for IN O
seasonal JJ B-Disease
allergic JJ I-Disease
rhinitis NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Toxicity NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
remission NN O
inducing VBG O
drugs NNS O
in IN O
rheumatoid NN B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Association NN O
with IN O
HLA NNP O
- HYPH O
B35 NNP O
and CC O
Cw4 NNP O
antigens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
rheumatoid NN B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
( , O
RA NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
who WP O
developed VBD O
toxicity NN B-Disease
while IN O
taking VBG O
remission NN O
inducing VBG O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
30 CD O
without IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
were VBD O
studied VBN O
for IN O
possible JJ O
associations NNS O
with IN O
class NN O
I NN O
and CC O
II NNP O
HLA NNP O
antigens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
strong JJ O
association NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
found VBN O
between IN O
nephritis NN B-Disease
and CC O
dermatitis NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
Tiopronin NNP O
( , O
a DT O
D NN O
- HYPH O
Penicillamine NN O
like IN O
compound NN O
) , O
and CC O
class NN O
I NN O
antigens NNS O
B35 CD O
- HYPH O
Cw4 NN O
, , O
and CC O
between IN O
dermatitis NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
gold NN O
thiosulphate NN O
and CC O
B35 NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
to IN O
healthy JJ O
controls NNS O
a DT O
lower JJR O
DR5 NNP O
frequency NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
RA NN B-Disease
except IN O
for IN O
the DT O
Tiopronin NNP O
related VBN O
nephritis NN B-Disease
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Transient JJ O
contralateral JJ B-Disease
rotation NN I-Disease
following VBG O
unilateral JJ O
substantia JJ B-Disease
nigra NN I-Disease
lesion NN I-Disease
reflects VBZ O
susceptibility NN O
of IN O
the DT O
nigrostriatal JJ O
system NN O
to IN O
exhaustion NN O
by IN O
amphetamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
unilateral JJ O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
OHDA NNP O
induced VBN O
SN NNP B-Disease
lesion NN I-Disease
, , O
a DT O
transient JJ O
period NN O
of IN O
contralateral JJ B-Disease
rotation NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to TO O
precede VB O
the DT O
predominant JJ O
ipsilateral JJ B-Disease
circling NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
order NN O
to TO O
clarify VB O
the DT O
nature NN O
of IN O
this DT O
initial JJ O
contralateral JJ B-Disease
rotation NN I-Disease
we PRP O
examined VBD O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
recovery NN O
period NN O
after IN O
the DT O
lesion NN O
, , O
on IN O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rotational JJ B-Disease
behavior NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
days NNS O
post NN O
lesion NN O
, , O
most JJS O
rats NNS O
circled VBD O
predominantly RB O
contralaterally RB O
to IN O
the DT O
lesion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
contralateral JJ B-Disease
rotation NN I-Disease
may MD O
result VB O
from IN O
either CC O
degeneration NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
breakdown NN O
of IN O
the DT O
DA NN O
pool NN O
, , O
or CC O
lesion NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increase NN O
of IN O
DA NN O
turnover NN O
in IN O
the DT O
spared VBN O
neurons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
substantial JJ O
degree NN O
of IN O
contralateral JJ O
preference NN O
was VBD O
still RB O
evident JJ O
when WRB O
amphetamine NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
time NN O
24 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
lesioning NN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
involvement NN O
of IN O
spared VBN O
cells NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
contralateral JJ B-Disease
rotation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
regardless RB O
of IN O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
recovery NN O
( , O
and CC O
irrespective RB O
of IN O
either DT O
lesion NN O
volume NN O
, , O
amphetamine NN O
dose NN O
, , O
or CC O
post NN O
- HYPH O
lesion NN O
motor NN O
exercise NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rotation NN B-Disease
tended VBD O
to TO O
become VB O
gradually RB O
more RBR O
ipsilateral JJ O
as IN O
the DT O
observation NN O
session NN O
progressed VBD O
, , O
and CC O
all DT O
rats NNS O
circled VBD O
ipsilaterally RB O
to IN O
the DT O
lesion NN O
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
further JJ O
amphetamine NN O
injections NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
amphetamine NN O
has VBZ O
an DT O
irreversible JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
post NN O
- HYPH O
lesion NN O
DA NN O
pool NN O
contributing VBG O
to IN O
contralateral JJ B-Disease
rotation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mitomycin NNP O
C NNP O
associated VBN O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
uremic JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mitomycin NNP O
C NNP O
associated VBN O
Hemolytic NNP B-Disease
Uremic NNP I-Disease
Syndrome NNP I-Disease
( -LRB- O
HUS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
potentially RB O
fatal JJ O
but CC O
uncommon JJ O
condition NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
not RB O
yet RB O
widely RB O
recognised VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
consists VBZ O
of IN O
microangiopathic JJ O
hemolytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
, , O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
and CC O
progressive JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
mitomycin NN O
C NN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
affects VBZ O
about RB O
10 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
this DT O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
usually RB O
develops VBZ O
about RB O
8 CD O
- SYM O
10 CD O
mth NN O
after IN O
start NN O
of IN O
mitomycin NN O
C NN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
the DT O
mortality NN O
is VBZ O
approximately RB O
60 CD O
% NN O
from IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
or CC O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
are VBP O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
seen VBN O
in IN O
idiopathic JJ O
HUS NNP B-Disease
and CC O
include VBP O
arteriolar JJ O
fibrin NN O
thrombi NN B-Disease
, , O
expanded VBN O
subendothelial JJ O
zones NNS O
in IN O
glomerular JJ O
capillary NN O
walls NNS O
, , O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
wrinkling NN O
of IN O
glomerular JJ O
basement NN O
membranes NNS O
and CC O
mesangiolysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
action NN O
is VBZ O
postulated VBN O
as IN O
mitomycin NN O
C NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
endothelial JJ O
cell NN O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
course NN O
and CC O
pathological JJ O
findings NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
65 CD O
yr NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
gastric JJ B-Disease
adenocarcinoma NN I-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
while IN O
on IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
mitomycin NN O
C NN O
and CC O
died VBD O
in IN O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketanserin NNP O
pretreatment NN O
reverses VBZ O
alfentanil NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Systemic JJ O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
ketanserin NN O
, , O
a DT O
relatively RB O
specific JJ O
type NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
serotonin NN O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBD O
the DT O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
produced VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
by IN O
the DT O
potent JJ O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
opiate NN O
agonist NN O
alfentanil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
placement NN O
of IN O
subcutaneous JJ O
electrodes NNS O
in IN O
each DT O
animal NN O
' POS O
s NN O
left JJ O
gastrocnemius NN O
muscle NN O
, , O
rigidity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
analyzing VBG O
root NN O
- HYPH O
mean JJ O
- HYPH O
square JJ O
electromyographic JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intraperitoneal JJ O
ketanserin NN O
administration NN O
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
63 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
prevented VBD O
the DT O
alfentanil NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
electromyographic JJ O
activity NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
animals NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chlordiazepoxide NN O
at IN O
doses NNS O
up IN O
to TO O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
significantly RB O
influence VB O
the DT O
rigidity NN B-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
alfentanil NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
rigidity NN B-Disease
, , O
animals NNS O
that WDT O
received VBD O
ketanserin NN O
( : O
greater JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
31 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
followed VBN O
by IN O
alfentanil NNP O
were VBD O
motionless JJ O
, , O
flaccid JJ O
, , O
and CC O
less RBR O
responsive JJ O
to IN O
external JJ O
stimuli NNS O
than IN O
were VBD O
animals NNS O
receiving VBG O
alfentanil NN O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
that WDT O
received VBD O
ketanserin NN O
and CC O
alfentanil NN O
exhibited VBD O
less JJR O
rearing NN O
and CC O
exploratory JJ O
behavior NN O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
60 CD O
- HYPH O
min NN O
recording NN O
period NN O
than IN O
did VBD O
animals NNS O
that WDT O
received VBD O
ketanserin NN O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
, , O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
previous JJ O
work NN O
, , O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
, , O
a DT O
clinically RB O
relevant JJ O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
of IN O
parenteral JJ O
narcotic JJ O
administration NN O
, , O
may MD O
be VB O
partly RB O
mediated VBN O
via IN O
serotonergic JJ O
pathways NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
with IN O
type NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
serotonin NN O
antagonists NNS O
may MD O
be VB O
clinically RB O
useful JJ O
in IN O
attenuating VBG O
opiate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rigidity NN B-Disease
, , O
although IN O
further JJ O
studies NNS O
will MD O
be VB O
necessary JJ O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
interaction NN O
of IN O
possibly RB O
enhanced VBN O
CNS NNP O
, , O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
, , I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
respiratory JJ I-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antagonism NN O
of IN O
diazepam NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sedative JJ O
effects NNS O
by IN O
Ro15 NNP O
- HYPH O
1788 CD O
in IN O
patients NNS O
after IN O
surgery NN O
under IN O
lumbar JJ O
epidural JJ O
block NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
investigation NN O
of IN O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
Ro15 NNP O
- HYPH O
1788 CD O
and CC O
a DT O
placebo NN O
in IN O
reversing VBG O
diazepam NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
effects NNS O
after IN O
surgery NN O
under IN O
epidural JJ O
block NN O
, , O
and CC O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
local JJ O
tolerance NN O
and CC O
general JJ O
safety NN O
of IN O
Ro15 NNP O
- SYM O
1788 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifty CD O
- HYPH O
seven CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
sedated VBN O
with IN O
diazepam NN O
for IN O
surgery NN O
under IN O
epidural JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Antagonism NN O
of IN O
diazepam NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
effects NNS O
by IN O
Ro15 NNP O
- SYM O
1788 CD O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
postoperatively RB O
in IN O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
subjective JJ O
assessment NN O
of IN O
mood NN O
rating NN O
, , O
an DT O
objective JJ O
test NN O
of IN O
performance NN O
, , O
a DT O
test NN O
for IN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
vital JJ O
signs NNS O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
for IN O
up IN O
to TO O
300 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
trial NN O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
for IN O
mood NN O
rating NN O
, , O
amnesia NN B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
vital JJ O
signs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
Ro15 NNP O
- HYPH O
1788 CD O
group NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
improvement NN O
in IN O
the DT O
performance NN O
test NN O
up IN O
to IN O
120 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
evidence NN O
of IN O
reaction NN O
at IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
site NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chorea NNP B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
oral JJ O
contraception NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
chorea NN B-Disease
while IN O
receiving VBG O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
were VBD O
young JJ O
patients NNS O
whose WP$ O
chorea NNS B-Disease
developed VBD O
long RB O
after IN O
treatment NN O
had VBD O
been VBN O
started VBN O
and CC O
disappeared VBN O
soon RB O
after IN O
it PRP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
discontinued VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
third JJ O
patient NN O
had VBD O
acute JJ O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
chorea NN B-Disease
after IN O
prolonged VBN O
oral JJ O
contraception NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolonged VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
female JJ O
sex NN O
hormones NNS O
is VBZ O
a DT O
possible JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
chorea NN B-Disease
in IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
not RB O
previously RB O
had VBN O
chorea NN B-Disease
or CC O
rheumatic JJ B-Disease
fever NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Co NN O
- HYPH O
carcinogenic JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
retinyl NN O
acetate NN O
on IN O
forestomach NN B-Disease
carcinogenesis NN I-Disease
of IN O
male JJ O
F344 NN O
rats NNS O
induced VBN O
with IN O
butylated JJ O
hydroxyanisole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
potential JJ O
modifying VBG O
effect NN O
of IN O
retinyl NN O
acetate NN O
( , O
RA NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
butylated JJ O
hydroxyanisole NN O
( , O
BHA NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rat NN O
forestomach NN B-Disease
tumorigenesis NN I-Disease
was VBD O
examined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Male JJ O
F344 CD O
rats NNS O
, , O
5 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
, , O
were VBD O
maintained VBN O
on IN O
diet NN O
containing VBG O
1 CD O
% NN O
or CC O
2 CD O
% NN O
BHA NN O
by IN O
weight NN O
and CC O
simultaneously RB O
on IN O
drinking NN O
water NN O
supplemented VBN O
with IN O
RA NN O
at IN O
various JJ O
concentrations NNS O
( , O
w NN O
/ , O
v CC O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
52 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
groups NNS O
given VBN O
2 CD O
% NN O
BHA NN O
, , O
although IN O
marked JJ O
hyperplastic JJ O
changes NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
forestomach NN O
epithelium NN O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
animals NNS O
, , O
co NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
% NN O
RA NN O
significantly RB O
( : O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
increased VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
forestomach NN B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
( , O
squamous JJ B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
papilloma NN I-Disease
and CC O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
to IN O
60 CD O
% NN O
( , O
9 CD O
/ SYM O
15 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
rats NNS O
with IN O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
from IN O
15 CD O
% NN O
( , O
3 CD O
/ SYM O
20 CD O
, , O
one CD O
rat NN O
with IN O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
group NN O
given VBN O
RA NNP O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
water NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
rats NNS O
given VBN O
1 CD O
% NN O
BHA NNP O
, , O
RA NN O
co NN O
- HYPH O
administered VBN O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
or CC O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
% NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
enhancing VBG O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
the DT O
BHA NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
epithelial JJ B-Disease
hyperplasia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tumors NNS B-Disease
, , O
all DT O
papillomas NNS B-Disease
, , O
were VBD O
induced VBN O
in IN O
3 CD O
rats NNS O
( : O
17 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
% NN O
RA NN O
and CC O
in IN O
one CD O
rat NN O
( : O
10 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
% NN O
RA NN O
co NN O
- HYPH O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RA NNP O
alone RB O
did VBD O
not RB O
induce VB O
hyperplastic JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
forestomach NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
RA NNP O
acted VBD O
as IN O
a DT O
co NN O
- HYPH O
carcinogen NN O
in IN O
the DT O
BHA NNP O
forestomach NN B-Disease
carcinogenesis NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
on IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
dependency NN O
of IN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
mitomycin NN O
C NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
1975 CD O
mitomycin NN O
C NNP O
( , O
MMC NNP O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
suggested VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
cardiotoxic JJ B-Disease
, , O
especially RB O
when WRB O
combined VBN O
with IN O
or CC O
given VBN O
following VBG O
doxorubicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
on IN O
dose NN O
dependency NN O
or CC O
incidence NN O
concerning VBG O
this DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
were VBD O
not RB O
known VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
initiated VBN O
a DT O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
to TO O
obtain VB O
some DT O
more JJR O
data NNS O
on IN O
these DT O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
four CD O
MMC NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
, , O
37 CD O
of IN O
them PRP O
could MD O
be VB O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
by IN O
repeated JJ O
physical JJ O
examinations NNS O
, , O
chest NN O
X NN O
- HYPH O
rays NNS O
, , O
electro NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
echocardiography NN O
and CC O
radionuclide NN O
left VBD O
ventricular JJ O
ejection NN O
fraction NN O
( -LRB- O
EF NNP O
) -RRB- O
determinations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
per IN O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
level NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
after IN O
30 CD O
mg CD O
m NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
MMC NN O
and CC O
only RB O
150 CD O
mg CD O
m NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
doxorubicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
was VBD O
predicted VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
drop NN O
in IN O
EF NNP O
determined VBN O
during IN O
a DT O
cold JJ O
pressor NN O
test NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
null NN O
of IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
clinical JJ O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
nor CC O
did VBD O
the DT O
studied VBN O
parameters NNS O
change VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
literature NN O
on IN O
this DT O
subject NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
reviewed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
combined VBN O
data NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
and CC O
the DT O
literature NN O
, , O
we PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
MMC NNP O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
dose NN O
dependent JJ O
, , O
occurring VBG O
at IN O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
30 CD O
mg CD O
m NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
, , O
mainly RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
also RB O
( , O
previously RB O
or CC O
simultaneously RB O
) , O
treated VBN O
with IN O
doxorubicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
is VBZ O
likely JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
less JJR O
than IN O
10 CD O
% NN O
even RB O
for IN O
this DT O
risk NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reversible JJ O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
tiazofurin NN O
usage NN O
: : O
MR NNP O
demonstration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tiazofurin NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
experimental JJ O
chemotherapeutic JJ O
agent NN O
currently RB O
undergoing VBG O
clinical JJ O
evaluation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
our PRP$ O
results NNS O
with IN O
magnetic JJ O
resonance NN O
( , O
MR NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
demonstrating VBG O
reversible JJ O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
concurrent JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
abnormalities NNS O
on IN O
MR NNP O
were VBD O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
findings NNS O
on IN O
CT NNP O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
with IN O
cerebral JJ O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
utility NN O
of IN O
MR NN O
in IN O
the DT O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
this DT O
new JJ O
agent NN O
is VBZ O
illustrated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Receptor NN O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN B-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
in IN O
chronic JJ O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
were VBD O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
or CC O
nicotine NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
by IN O
subcutaneously RB O
implanting VBG O
each DT O
animal NN O
with IN O
an DT O
Alzet NNP O
osmotic JJ O
mini NN O
- HYPH O
pump NN O
which WDT O
continuously RB O
released VBD O
saline NN O
or CC O
nicotine NN O
for IN O
1 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
and CC O
14 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
each DT O
pretreatment NN O
period NN O
, , O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
used VBN O
for IN O
( : O
i PRP O
) NFP O
determining VBG O
their PRP$ O
locomotor NN O
response NN O
to IN O
acutely RB O
injected VBN O
nicotine NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
s NN O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
( , O
ii FW O
) -RRB- O
measuring VBG O
the DT O
density NN O
of IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
3H NN O
] -RRB- O
nicotine NN O
and CC O
[ -LRB- O
3H NN O
] -RRB- O
spiperone NN O
binding NN O
sites NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
observed VBD O
no DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN O
response NN O
, , O
striatal JJ O
L NN O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
3H NN O
] -RRB- O
nicotine NN O
and CC O
[ -LRB- O
3H NN O
] -RRB- O
spiperone NN O
binding NN O
in IN O
the DT O
animals NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
nicotine NN O
for IN O
1 CD O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
rats NNS O
which WDT O
were VBD O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
nicotine NN O
for IN O
5 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
stimulated VBN O
locomotor NN O
response NN O
which WDT O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
3H NN O
] -RRB- O
nicotine NN O
binding NN O
sites NNS O
and CC O
also RB O
with IN O
an DT O
elevated JJ O
dopamine NN O
( HYPH O
DA NN O
) -RRB- O
level NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
number NN O
of IN O
striatal JJ O
[ -LRB- O
3H CD O
] -RRB- O
spiperone NN O
binding NN O
sites NNS O
was VBD O
not RB O
affected VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
animals NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
nicotine NN O
for IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
the DT O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
locomotor NN O
response NN O
remained VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
potentiated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
this DT O
response NN O
was VBD O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
elevated JJ O
number NN O
of IN O
striatal JJ O
[ -LRB- O
3H CD O
] -RRB- O
spiperone NN O
binding NN O
sites NNS O
, , O
whereas IN O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
striatal JJ O
L NN O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
3H NN O
] -RRB- O
nicotine JJ O
binding NN O
sites NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
striatal JJ O
DA NN O
level NN O
were VBD O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
chronic JJ O
nicotine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
develop VBP O
locomotor NN B-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
in IN O
response NN O
to IN O
nicotine NN O
initially RB O
due IN O
to IN O
increases NNS O
of IN O
both CC O
the DT O
density NN O
of IN O
nicotinic JJ O
receptors NNS O
and CC O
DA NN O
concentration NN O
, , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
inducing VBG O
DA NN O
receptor NN O
supersensitivity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amelioration NN O
of IN O
bendrofluazide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
by IN O
timolol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
beta JJ O
adrenergic JJ O
blocking NN O
drug NN O
, , O
timolol NN O
, , O
tended VBD O
to TO O
correct VB O
the DT O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
of IN O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
bendrofluazide NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
6 CD O
healthy JJ O
male JJ O
subjects NNS O
and CC O
although IN O
the DT O
effect NN O
was VBD O
small JJ O
it PRP O
was VBD O
significant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Timolol NNP O
also RB O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
rise NN O
in IN O
plasma NN O
aldosterone NN O
and CC O
urine NN O
potassium NN O
excretion NN O
following VBG O
bendrofluazide NN O
and CC O
increased VBD O
the DT O
urine NN O
sodium NN O
/ SYM O
potassium NN O
ratio NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
evidence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
shift NN O
of IN O
potassium NN O
from IN O
the DT O
intracellular JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
extracellular JJ O
space NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
St NNP B-Disease
. . I-Disease
null null null-Disease
Anthony NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
fire NN I-Disease
, , O
then RB O
and CC O
now RB O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
and CC O
historical JJ O
review NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
rare JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
morbid JJ O
vasospasm NN B-Disease
, , O
together RB O
with IN O
striking VBG O
angiographic JJ O
findings NNS O
, , O
is VBZ O
described VBN O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
ingestion NN O
of IN O
methysergide NN O
by IN O
a DT O
48 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
brief JJ O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
on IN O
similar JJ O
cases NNS O
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
discussion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
history NN O
of IN O
ergot NN O
includes VBZ O
its PRP$ O
original JJ O
discovery NN O
, , O
the DT O
epidemics NNS O
of IN O
gangrene NN B-Disease
that WDT O
it PRP O
has VBZ O
caused VBN O
through IN O
the DT O
ages NNS O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
past JJ O
and CC O
present JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
management NN O
of IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
headache NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
the DT O
advent NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockers NNS O
and CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
antagonists NNS O
, , O
ergot JJ O
preparations NNS O
continue VBP O
to TO O
play VB O
a DT O
major JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
therapy NN O
, , O
so IN O
that IN O
the DT O
danger NN O
of IN O
St NNP B-Disease
. . I-Disease
null null null-Disease
Anthony NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
fire NN I-Disease
persists VBZ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ O
transplantation NN O
: : O
improved VBN O
quality NN O
of IN O
survival NN O
with IN O
a DT O
modified VBN O
immunosuppressive JJ O
protocol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
on IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
on IN O
two CD O
different JJ O
immunosuppressive JJ O
protocols NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
retrospectively RB O
in IN O
two CD O
subsequent JJ O
groups NNS O
of IN O
heart NN O
transplant NN O
recipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
group NN O
I PRP O
, , O
cyclosporine NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
before IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
at IN O
a DT O
loading JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
17 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
and CC O
then RB O
continued VBD O
after IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
to TO O
keep VB O
a DT O
whole JJ O
blood NN O
level NN O
about IN O
1000 CD O
ng NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
group NN O
II CD O
, , O
cyclosporine NN O
was VBD O
started VBN O
only RB O
after IN O
the DT O
procedure NN O
at IN O
a DT O
lower JJR O
dosage NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
complemented VBN O
by IN O
azathioprine NN O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
used VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
postoperative JJ O
week NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Group NNP O
II NNP O
showed VBD O
a DT O
better JJR O
perioperative JJ O
renal JJ O
function NN O
as IN O
determined VBN O
by IN O
serum JJ O
blood NN O
urea NN O
nitrogen NN O
and CC O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Group NNP O
II NNP O
also RB O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
secondary JJ O
to IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
cyclosporine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
this DT O
improvement NN O
in IN O
late JJ O
renal JJ O
function NN O
, , O
group NN O
II NNP O
still RB O
shows VBZ O
a DT O
slow JJ O
rise NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
think VBP O
that IN O
even RB O
these DT O
lower JJR O
dosages NNS O
of IN O
cyclosporine NN O
can MD O
cause VB O
chronic JJ O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
that IN O
further JJ O
modification NN O
of IN O
the DT O
immunosuppressive JJ O
regimen NN O
is VBZ O
required VBN O
to TO O
completely RB O
abolish VB O
this DT O
toxic JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ethopropazine NN O
and CC O
benztropine NN O
in IN O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
controlled VBN O
study NN O
ethopropazine NN O
was VBD O
compared VBN O
to IN O
benztropine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
fluphenazine NN O
enanthate NN O
in IN O
60 CD O
schizophrenic JJ B-Disease
outpatients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ethopropazine NN O
and CC O
benztropine NN O
were VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
equally RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
controlling VBG O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
and CC O
were VBD O
as RB O
efficacious JJ O
as IN O
procyclidine NN O
, , O
their PRP$ O
previous JJ O
antiparkinsonian JJ O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
benztropine NN O
treated VBD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
tardive NN B-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
compared VBN O
to IN O
their PRP$ O
condition NN O
during IN O
procyclindine NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
and CC O
significantly RB O
more JJR O
anxiety NN B-Disease
and CC O
depression NN B-Disease
than IN O
ethopropazine NN O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
benztropine NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
the DT O
anticholinergic JJ O
drug NN O
of IN O
choice NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
, , O
because IN O
of IN O
its PRP$ O
more RBR O
toxic JJ O
central JJ O
and CC O
peripheral JJ O
atropinic JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Quinidine NN O
phenylethylbarbiturate NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
fulminant JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
pregnant JJ O
woman NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
19 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
Laotian JJ O
patient NN O
affected VBN O
by IN O
fulminant JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
during IN O
the DT O
third JJ O
trimester NN O
of IN O
her PRP$ O
pregnancy NN O
after IN O
a DT O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
administration NN O
of IN O
quinidine NN O
phenylethylbarbiturate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
delivery NN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
underwent VBD O
orthotopic JJ O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
in IN O
good JJ O
condition NN O
16 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
liver NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Quinidine NNP O
itself PRP O
or CC O
phenylethylbarbiturate NN O
may MD O
be VB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
fulminant JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
epinephrine NN O
: : O
comparison NN O
with IN O
exercise NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
role NN O
of IN O
epinephrine NN O
in IN O
eliciting VBG O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
was VBD O
examined VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Objective JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
factors NNS O
increasing VBG O
myocardial JJ O
oxygen NN O
consumption NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
during IN O
epinephrine NN O
infusion NN O
and CC O
supine JJ O
bicycle NN O
exercise NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both CC O
epinephrine NN O
and CC O
exercise NN O
produced VBD O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
as IN O
evidenced VBN O
by IN O
ST NNP O
segment NN O
depression NN B-Disease
and CC O
angina NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
epinephrine NN O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
those DT O
of IN O
exercise NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Exercise NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
was VBD O
marked VBN O
predominantly RB O
by IN O
increased VBN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
rate NN O
- HYPH O
pressure NN O
product NN O
with IN O
a DT O
minor JJ O
contribution NN O
of IN O
end JJ O
- HYPH O
diastolic JJ O
volume NN O
, , O
while IN O
epinephrine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
marked JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
contractility NN O
and CC O
a DT O
less RBR O
pronounced JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
and CC O
rate NN O
- HYPH O
pressure NN O
product NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
epinephrine NN O
, , O
as IN O
may MD O
occur VB O
during IN O
states NNS O
of IN O
emotional JJ O
distress NN O
, , O
has VBZ O
a DT O
mechanism NN O
distinct JJ O
from IN O
that DT O
due IN O
to IN O
physical JJ O
exertion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recent JJ O
preclinical JJ O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
thymidylate NN O
synthase NN O
inhibitor NN O
N10 NN O
- HYPH O
propargyl NN O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
dideazafolic NN O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
CB NN O
3717 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CB NNP O
3717 CD O
, , O
N10 NNP O
- HYPH O
propargyl NN O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
dideazafolic NN O
acid NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
a DT O
tight JJ O
- HYPH O
binding VBG O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
thymidylate NN O
synthase NN O
( , O
TS NN O
) -RRB- O
whose WP$ O
cytotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
mediated VBN O
solely RB O
through IN O
the DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
this DT O
enzyme NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recent JJ O
preclinical JJ O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
focused VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
intracellular JJ O
formation NN O
of IN O
CB NN O
3717 CD O
polyglutamates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
a DT O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
exposure NN O
of IN O
L1210 NNP O
cells NNS O
to IN O
50 CD O
microM NN O
[ -LRB- O
3H NN O
] -RRB- O
CB NN O
3717 CD O
, , O
30 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
extractable JJ O
radioactivity NN O
could MD O
be VB O
accounted VBN O
for IN O
as IN O
CB NN O
3717 CD O
tetra NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
pentaglutamate NN O
, , O
as IN O
determined VBN O
by IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
pressure NN O
liquid NN O
chromatography NN O
( -LRB- O
HPLC NNP O
) -RRB- O
analyses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
As IN O
inhibitors NNS O
of IN O
isolated VBN O
L1210 NNP O
TS NNP O
, , O
CB NNP O
3717 CD O
di FW O
- HYPH O
, , O
tri NN O
- HYPH O
, , O
tetra NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
pentaglutamate NN O
are VBP O
26 CD O
- HYPH O
, , O
87 CD O
- HYPH O
, , O
119 CD O
- HYPH O
and CC O
114 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
more RBR O
potent JJ O
than IN O
CB NNP O
3717 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
formation NN O
may MD O
, , O
therefore RB O
, , O
be VB O
an DT O
important JJ O
determinant NN O
of IN O
CB NN O
3717 CD O
cytotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
early JJ O
clinical JJ O
studies NNS O
with IN O
CB NNP O
3717 CD O
, , O
activity NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
seen VBN O
in IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
ovarian JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
hepatoma NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
mesothelioma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Toxicities NNS B-Disease
included VBD O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
malaise NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
latter JJ O
effect NN O
is VBZ O
thought VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
due IN O
to IN O
drug NN O
precipitation NN O
within IN O
the DT O
renal JJ O
tubule NN O
as IN O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
the DT O
poor JJ O
solubility NN O
of IN O
CB NN O
3717 CD O
under IN O
acidic JJ O
conditions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
an DT O
attempt NN O
to TO O
overcome VB O
this DT O
problem NN O
, , O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
trial NN O
of IN O
CB NNP O
3717 CD O
administered VBN O
with IN O
alkaline NN O
diuresis NN O
is VBZ O
under IN O
way NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Preliminary JJ O
results NNS O
at IN O
400 CD O
and CC O
500 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
may MD O
have VB O
been VBN O
achieved VBN O
with IN O
only RB O
1 CD O
instance NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
in IN O
10 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
malaise NN B-Disease
are VBP O
again RB O
the DT O
most RBS O
frequent JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Evidence NN O
of IN O
antitumor NN O
activity NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
seen VBN O
in IN O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pharmacokinetic JJ O
investigations NNS O
have VBP O
shown VBN O
that IN O
alkaline NN O
diuresis NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
alter VB O
CB NN O
3717 CD O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
or CC O
urinary JJ O
excretion NN O
and CC O
that IN O
satisfactory JJ O
urinary JJ O
alkalinization NN O
can MD O
be VB O
readily RB O
achieved VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Type NN B-Disease
B NN I-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
after IN O
needle NN O
- HYPH O
stick NN O
exposure NN O
: : O
prevention NN O
with IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
immune JJ O
globulin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Final JJ O
report NN O
of IN O
the DT O
Veterans NNPS O
Administration NNP O
Cooperative NNP O
Study NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
immune JJ O
globulin NN O
( -LRB- O
HBIG NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
immune JJ O
serum NN O
globulin NN O
( , O
ISG NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
randomized VBN O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
trial NN O
to TO O
assess VB O
their PRP$ O
relative JJ O
efficacies NNS O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
type NN B-Disease
B NN I-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
after IN O
needle NN O
- HYPH O
stick NN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
hepatitis NNP O
B NNP O
surface NN O
antigen NN O
( -LRB- O
HBsAG NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
donors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
developed VBN O
in IN O
1 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
HBIG NN O
and CC O
in IN O
5 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
ISG NNP O
recipients NNS O
( : O
P NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
016 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
seroconversion NN O
( HYPH O
anti NN O
- HYPH O
HBs NN O
) -RRB- O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
5 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
20 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
them PRP O
respectively RB O
( : O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mild JJ O
and CC O
transient JJ O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
ISG NNP O
and CC O
in IN O
3 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
HBIG NNP O
recipients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Available JJ O
donor NN O
sera NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
for IN O
DNA NNP O
polymerase NN O
( , O
DNAP NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
e NN O
antigen NN O
and CC O
antibody NN O
( , O
HBeAg NNP O
; : O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
HBE NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both CC O
DNAP NNP O
and CC O
HBeAg NNP O
showed VBD O
a DT O
highly RB O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
correlation NN O
with IN O
the DT O
infectivity NN O
of IN O
HBsAg NNP O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
donors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatitis NNP B-Disease
B NNP I-Disease
immune JJ O
globulin NN O
remained VBD O
significantly RB O
superior JJ O
to IN O
ISG NNP O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
type NN B-Disease
B NN I-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
even RB O
when WRB O
the DT O
analysis NN O
was VBD O
confined VBN O
to IN O
these DT O
two CD O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
subgroups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
ISG NNP O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
type NN B-Disease
B NN I-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
cannot MD O
be VB O
ascertained VBN O
because IN O
a DT O
true JJ O
placebo NN O
group NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
included VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Production NN O
of IN O
autochthonous JJ O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
in IN O
Lobund NNP O
- HYPH O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
by IN O
treatments NNS O
with IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
nitroso NNP O
- HYPH O
N NN O
- HYPH O
methylurea NN O
and CC O
testosterone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
More JJR O
than IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
Lobund NNP O
- HYPH O
Wistar NNP O
( -LRB- O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
W NNP O
) , O
strain NN O
rats NNS O
developed VBD O
large JJ O
, , O
palpable JJ O
prostate NN B-Disease
adenocarcinomas NNS I-Disease
( , O
PAs NNS B-Disease
) -RRB- O
following VBG O
treatments NNS O
with IN O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
nitroso NNP O
- HYPH O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methylurea NN O
( , O
CAS NNP O
: : O
684 CD O
- HYPH O
93 CD O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
) , O
and CC O
testosterone NN O
propionate NN O
[ -LRB- O
( -LRB- O
TP NNP O
) -RRB- O
CAS NNP O
: : O
57 CD O
- SYM O
85 CD O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
] -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
most JJS O
of IN O
the DT O
tumor NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
bearing VBG O
rats NNS O
manifested VBD O
metastatic JJ O
lesions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incubation NN O
periods NNS O
averaged VBD O
10 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Within IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
timeframe NN O
, , O
no DT O
L NN O
- HYPH O
W NNP O
rat NN O
developed VBD O
a DT O
similar JJ O
palpable JJ O
PA NN B-Disease
when WRB O
treated VBN O
only RB O
with IN O
TP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
W NNP O
rats NNS O
, , O
TP NNP O
acted VBD O
as IN O
a DT O
tumor NN B-Disease
enhancement NN O
agent NN O
, , O
with IN O
primary JJ O
emphasis NN O
on IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Relative JJ O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
netilmicin NN O
and CC O
tobramycin NN O
in IN O
oncology NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
prospectively RB O
compared VBD O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
of IN O
netilmicin NN O
sulfate NN O
or CC O
tobramycin NN O
sulfate NN O
in IN O
conjunction NN O
with IN O
piperacillin NN O
sodium NN O
in IN O
118 CD O
immunocompromised VBN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
presumed VBN O
severe JJ O
infections NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
two CD O
treatment NN O
regimens NNS O
were VBD O
equally RB O
efficacious JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
similar JJ O
proportion NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
netilmicin NN O
and CC O
tobramycin NN O
( , O
17 CD O
% NN O
vs IN O
11 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ototoxicity NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
four CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
of IN O
42 CD O
netilmicin NN O
and CC O
piperacillin NN O
and CC O
in IN O
12 CD O
( SYM O
22 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
of IN O
54 CD O
tobramycin NN O
and CC O
piperacillin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
those DT O
evaluated VBN O
with IN O
posttherapy NN O
audiograms NNS O
, , O
three CD O
of IN O
four CD O
netilmicin NN O
and CC O
piperacillin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
auditory NN O
thresholds NNS O
return VBP O
to IN O
baseline NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
one CD O
of IN O
nine CD O
tobramycin NN O
and CC O
piperacillin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
number NN O
of IN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
dB NN O
increases NNS O
in IN O
auditory JJ O
threshold NN O
as IN O
a DT O
proportion NN O
of IN O
total NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
15 CD O
- HYPH O
dB NN O
changes NNS O
( , O
increases NNS O
and CC O
decreases NNS O
) , O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
in IN O
netilmicin NN O
and CC O
piperacillin NN O
- HYPH O
vs IN O
tobramycin NN O
and CC O
piperacillin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
( , O
18 CD O
of IN O
78 CD O
vs IN O
67 CD O
of IN O
115 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
aminoglycoside NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
ototoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
less RBR O
severe JJ O
and CC O
more RBR O
often RB O
reversible JJ O
with IN O
netilmicin NN O
than IN O
with IN O
tobramycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urinary JJ O
enzymes NNS O
and CC O
protein NN O
patterns NNS O
as IN O
indicators NNS O
of IN O
injury NN B-Disease
to IN I-Disease
different JJ I-Disease
regions NNS I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
kidney NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ B-Disease
experimental JJ I-Disease
models NNS I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
to IN O
the DT O
proximal JJ O
tubular JJ O
, , O
glomerular JJ O
, , O
and CC O
papillary JJ O
regions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
were VBD O
produced VBN O
by IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
hexachloro NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
: : O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
butadiene NN O
( , O
HCBD NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
( , O
PAN NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
bromoethylamine NN O
( -LRB- O
BEA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Several JJ O
routine JJ O
indicators NNS O
of IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
enzymes NNS O
alkaline NN O
phosphatase NN O
and CC O
N NN O
- HYPH O
acetyl NN O
- HYPH O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
glucosaminidase NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
molecular JJ O
weight NN O
of IN O
protein NN B-Disease
excretion NN I-Disease
were VBD O
determined VBN O
on IN O
urine NN O
samples NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tubular JJ O
damage NN O
produced VBN O
by IN O
HCBD NNP O
or CC O
BEA NNP O
was VBD O
discriminated VBN O
both CC O
quantitatively RB O
and CC O
qualitatively RB O
from IN O
glomerular JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
PAN NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
latter JJ O
was VBD O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
pronounced VBN O
increase NN O
in IN O
protein NN B-Disease
excretion NN I-Disease
, , O
especially RB O
proteins NNS O
with IN O
molecular JJ O
weight NN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
40 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
Da NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
protein NN B-Disease
excretion NN I-Disease
in IN O
tubular JJ O
damage NN O
was VBD O
raised VBN O
only RB O
slightly RB O
and CC O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
excretion NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
proteins NNS I-Disease
of IN O
a DT O
wide JJ O
range NN O
of IN O
molecular JJ O
weights NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proximal JJ O
tubular JJ O
damage NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
HCBD NNP O
and CC O
papillary JJ O
damage NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
BEA NNP O
were VBD O
distinguished VBN O
both CC O
by IN O
conventional JJ O
urinalysis NN O
( , O
volume NN O
and CC O
specific JJ O
gravity NN O
) , O
and CC O
by IN O
measurement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
two CD O
urinary JJ O
enzymes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Alkaline NN O
phosphatase NN O
and CC O
glucose NN O
were VBD O
markedly RB O
and CC O
transiently RB O
elevated VBN O
in IN O
proximal JJ O
tubular JJ O
damage NN O
and CC O
N NN O
- HYPH O
acetyl NN O
- HYPH O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
glucosaminidase NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
sustained JJ O
elevation NN O
in IN O
papillary JJ O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
both CC O
selective JJ O
urinary JJ O
enzymes NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
molecular JJ O
weight NN O
pattern NN O
of IN O
urinary JJ O
proteins NNS O
can MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
to TO O
provide VB O
diagnostic JJ O
information NN O
about IN O
the DT O
possible JJ O
site NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
catch NN O
in IN O
the DT O
Reye NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
Reye NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
from IN O
The DT O
Children NNPS O
' POS O
s POS O
Hospital NNP O
, , O
Camperdown NNP O
, , O
Australia NNP O
, , O
occurring VBG O
between IN O
1973 CD O
and CC O
1982 CD O
were VBD O
reviewed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
these DT O
, , O
20 CD O
cases NNS O
met VBD O
the DT O
US NNP O
Public NNP O
Health NNP O
Service NNP O
Centers NNPS O
for IN O
Disease NNP O
Control NNP O
criteria NNS O
for IN O
the DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
Reye NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aspirin NN O
or CC O
salicylate NN O
ingestion NN O
had VBD O
occurred VBN O
in IN O
only RB O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
20 CD O
cases NNS O
( : O
5 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
paracetamol NN O
( , O
acetaminophen NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
been VBN O
administered VBN O
in IN O
only RB O
six CD O
of IN O
the DT O
cases NNS O
( : O
30 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pathologic JJ O
confirmation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
Reye NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
was VBD O
accomplished VBN O
in IN O
90 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
Reye NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
New NNP O
South NNP O
Wales NNP O
, , O
Australia NNP O
, , O
is VBZ O
estimated VBN O
from IN O
this DT O
study NN O
to TO O
be VB O
approximately RB O
nine CD O
cases NNS O
per IN O
1 CD O
million CD O
children NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
recent JJ O
US NNP O
data NNS O
of IN O
ten CD O
to TO O
20 CD O
cases NNS O
per IN O
1 CD O
million CD O
children NNS O
and CC O
three CD O
to TO O
seven CD O
cases NNS O
per IN O
1 CD O
million CD O
children NNS O
in IN O
Great NNP O
Britain NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mortality NN O
for IN O
these DT O
Reye NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
cases NNS O
in IN O
Australia NNP O
was VBD O
45 CD O
% NN O
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
32 CD O
% NN O
case NN O
- HYPH O
fatality NN O
rate NN O
in IN O
the DT O
United NNP O
States NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
Australia NNP O
, , O
the DT O
pediatric JJ O
usage NN O
of IN O
aspirin NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
extremely RB O
low JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
past JJ O
25 CD O
years NNS O
( , O
less JJR O
than IN O
1 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
total JJ O
dosage NN O
units NNS O
sold VBN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
paracetamol NN O
( , O
acetaminophen NN O
) -RRB- O
dominating VBG O
the DT O
pediatric JJ O
analgesic JJ O
and CC O
antipyretic JJ O
market NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reye NNP B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
disappearing VBG O
from IN O
Australia NNP O
despite IN O
a DT O
total JJ O
lack NN O
of IN O
association NN O
with IN O
salicylates NNS O
or CC O
aspirin NN O
ingestion NN O
, , O
since IN O
there EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
cases NNS O
found VBN O
at IN O
The DT O
Children NNPS O
' POS O
s POS O
Hospital NNP O
in IN O
1983 CD O
, , O
1984 CD O
, , O
or CC O
1985 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postpartum JJ O
psychosis NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
bromocriptine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
multigravida JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
no DT O
prior JJ O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
history NN O
were VBD O
seen VBN O
with IN O
postpartum JJ O
psychosis NN B-Disease
, , O
having VBG O
received VBN O
bromocriptine NN O
for IN O
inhibition NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
lactation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bromocriptine NN O
given VBN O
in IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
psychosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
the DT O
drug NN O
for IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
cases NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
bromocriptine NN O
may MD O
cause VB O
psychosis NN B-Disease
even RB O
when WRB O
given VBN O
in IN O
low JJ O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hyperglycemic JJ B-Disease
acidotic JJ I-Disease
coma NN I-Disease
and CC O
death NN O
in IN O
Kearns NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Sayre NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
paper NN O
presents VBZ O
the DT O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
metabolic JJ O
findings NNS O
in IN O
two CD O
young JJ O
boys NNS O
with IN O
long RB O
- HYPH O
standing VBG O
Kearns NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Sayre NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Following VBG O
short JJ O
exposure NN O
to IN O
oral JJ O
prednisone NN O
, , O
both DT O
boys NNS O
developed VBD O
lethargy NN B-Disease
, , O
increasing VBG O
somnolence NN B-Disease
, , O
polydipsia NN B-Disease
, , O
polyphagia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
polyuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
presented VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
room NN O
with IN O
profound JJ O
coma NN B-Disease
, , O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
severe JJ O
hyperglycemia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
acidosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nonketotic JJ O
lactic JJ B-Disease
acidosis NN I-Disease
was VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
one CD O
and CC O
ketosis NNS B-Disease
without IN O
a DT O
known VBN O
serum NN O
lactate NN O
level NN O
was VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Respiratory JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
rapidly RB O
ensued VBD O
and CC O
both DT O
patients NNS O
expired VBD O
in IN O
spite NN O
of IN O
efforts NNS O
at IN O
resuscitation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
believe VBP O
these DT O
two CD O
cases NNS O
represent VBP O
a DT O
newly RB O
described VBN O
and CC O
catastrophic JJ O
metabolic JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
endocrine NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
Kearns NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Sayre NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Experimental JJ O
cyclosporine NN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
: : O
risk NN O
of IN O
concomitant JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
role NN O
of IN O
cyclosporine NN O
( , O
CSA NNP O
) -RRB- O
alone RB O
or CC O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
various JJ O
chemotherapeutics NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
renal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Administration NN O
of IN O
20 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNP O
/ SYM O
day NN O
CSA NNP O
for IN O
4 CD O
weeks NNS O
caused VBD O
renal JJ O
functional JJ O
and CC O
structural JJ O
changes NNS O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
reported VBN O
in IN O
man NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
combined VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
CSA NNP O
and CC O
various JJ O
chemotherapeutic JJ O
drugs NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
potential NN O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
gentamicin NN O
( , O
at IN O
therapeutic JJ O
doses NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
amphothericin NN O
B NN O
and CC O
ketoconazole NN O
, , O
which WDT O
are VBP O
frequently RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
immunosuppressed JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
aggravate VB O
the DT O
CSA NNP O
induced VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gentamicin NN O
at IN O
toxic JJ O
doses NNS O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
increased VBD O
CSA NNP O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
the DT O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
CSA NNP O
has VBZ O
a DT O
different JJ O
pathogenetic JJ O
mechanism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diuretics NNS O
, , O
potassium NN O
and CC O
arrhythmias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
coronary JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
proposed VBN O
that IN O
modest JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
plasma NN O
potassium NN O
can MD O
alter VB O
the DT O
tendency NN O
towards IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
If IN O
this DT O
were VBD O
so RB O
, , O
patients NNS O
with IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
might MD O
be VB O
especially RB O
susceptible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
myocardial JJ O
electrical JJ O
excitability NN O
was VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
mild JJ O
essential JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
and CC O
known VBN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
after IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
a DT O
potassium NN O
- HYPH O
conserving VBG O
diuretic NN O
( HYPH O
amiloride NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
similar JJ O
period NN O
on IN O
a DT O
potassium NN O
- HYPH O
losing VBG O
diuretic NN O
( , O
chlorthalidone NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
a DT O
randomised VBN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
potassium NN O
concentrations NNS O
were VBD O
on IN O
average JJ O
1 CD O
mmol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
lower JJR O
during IN O
the DT O
chlorthalidone NN O
phase NN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
amiloride NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
volume NN O
states NNS O
as IN O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
bodyweight NN O
, , O
plasma NN O
renin NN O
and CC O
noradrenaline NN O
( , O
norepinephrine NN O
) , O
concentrations NNS O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
on IN O
the DT O
2 CD O
regimens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
to IN O
amiloride NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
chlorthalidone NN O
phase NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
increased VBN O
frequency NN O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
ectopic JJ I-Disease
beats NNS I-Disease
( , O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
Holter NN O
monitoring NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
higher JJR O
Lown NN O
grading NN O
, , O
increased VBN O
upslope NN O
and CC O
duration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
monophasic JJ O
action NN O
potential NN O
, , O
prolonged VBN O
ventricular JJ O
effective JJ O
refractory JJ O
period NN O
, , O
and CC O
increased VBN O
electrical JJ O
instability NN O
during IN O
programmed VBN O
ventricular JJ O
stimulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
above JJ O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
because IN O
potassium NN O
- HYPH O
losing VBG O
diuretic JJ O
therapy NN O
can MD O
increase VB O
myocardial JJ O
electrical JJ O
excitability NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
ischaemic JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
even RB O
minor JJ O
falls NNS O
in IN O
plasma NN O
potassium NN O
concentrations NNS O
are VBP O
probably RB O
best RB O
avoided VBN O
in IN O
such JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Transketolase NNP O
abnormality NN O
in IN O
tolazamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
Wernicke NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
encephalopathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
studied VBD O
a DT O
thiamine NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
enzyme NN O
, , O
transketolase NN O
, , O
from IN O
fibroblasts NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
patient NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
Wernicke NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
encephalopathy NN I-Disease
when WRB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
tolazamide NN O
, , O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
delineate VB O
if IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
also RB O
had VBD O
transketolase NN O
abnormality NN O
[ -LRB- O
high JJ O
Km NNP O
for IN O
thiamine NN O
pyrophosphate NN O
( , O
TPP NNP O
) -RRB- O
] -RRB- O
, , O
as IN O
previously RB O
reported VBN O
in IN O
postalcoholic JJ O
Wernicke NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Korsakoff NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
, , O
we PRP O
also RB O
studied VBD O
this DT O
enzyme NN O
from IN O
three CD O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
kindreds NNS O
without IN O
any DT O
history NN O
of IN O
Wernicke NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
encephalopathy NN I-Disease
and CC O
from IN O
four CD O
normal JJ O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
above RB O
- HYPH O
mentioned VBN O
patient NN O
and CC O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
diabetic JJ B-Disease
kindreds NNS O
with IN O
no DT O
history NN O
of IN O
Wernicke NNP B-Disease
' '' I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
encephalopathy NN I-Disease
had VBD O
abnormal JJ O
transketolase NN O
as IN O
determined VBN O
by IN O
its PRP$ O
Km NNP O
for IN O
TPP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
a DT O
similarity NN O
between IN O
postalcoholic JJ O
Wernicke NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Korsakoff NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
tolazamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
Wernicke NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
encephalopathy NN I-Disease
from IN O
the DT O
standpoint NN O
of IN O
transketolase NN O
abnormality NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bradycardia NNP B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
hydrochloride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
chronic JJ O
schizophrenic JJ B-Disease
patient NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
anticholinergic JJ O
drug NN O
, , O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
hydrochloride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
, , O
paradoxically RB O
, , O
sinus NN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
reaction NN O
was VBD O
specific JJ O
to IN O
trihexyphenidyl NN O
and CC O
not RB O
to IN O
other JJ O
anticholinergic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
antidyskinetic JJ O
drug NN O
is VBZ O
widely RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
psychiatric JJ B-Disease
practice NN O
and CC O
physicians NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
aware JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Post NN O
- HYPH O
operative JJ O
rigidity NN B-Disease
after IN O
fentanyl NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
thoraco JJ O
- HYPH O
abdominal JJ O
rigidity NN B-Disease
leading VBG O
to IN O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
described VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
post NN O
- HYPH O
operative NN O
period NN O
in IN O
an DT O
elderly JJ O
patient NN O
who WP O
received VBD O
a DT O
moderate JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
fentanyl NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
successfully RB O
reversed VBN O
by IN O
naloxone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanisms NNS O
possibly RB O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
accident NN O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anti JJ O
- HYPH O
carcinogenic JJ B-Disease
action NN O
of IN O
phenobarbital NN O
given VBN O
simultaneously RB O
with IN O
diethylnitrosamine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
work NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
planned VBN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
elucidate VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
phenobarbital NN O
( , O
PB NN O
: : O
15 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
rat NN O
of IN O
ingested VBN O
dose NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
carcinogenesis NN B-Disease
when WRB O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
administered VBN O
simultaneously RB O
with IN O
diethylnitrosamine NN O
( : O
DEN NNP O
: : O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
( : O
180 CD O
g CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
by IN O
DEN NNP O
alone RB O
or CC O
by IN O
DEN NNP O
+ CC O
PB NNP O
during IN O
2 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
according VBG O
to IN O
our PRP$ O
schedule NN O
for IN O
hepatocarcinogenesis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
number NN O
and CC O
the DT O
size NN O
of IN O
induced VBN O
PAS NNP O
positive JJ O
preneoplastic JJ B-Disease
foci NN I-Disease
was VBD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
when WRB O
PB NNP O
was VBD O
given VBN O
simultaneously RB O
with IN O
DEN NNP O
for IN O
4 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mitotic JJ O
inhibition NN O
and CC O
the DT O
production NN O
of IN O
micronuclei NNS O
normally RB O
observed VBN O
after IN O
partial JJ O
hepatectomy NN O
in IN O
DEN NNP O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
also RB O
significantly RB O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
DEN NNP O
+ CC O
PB NN O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
the DT O
treatment NN O
last JJ O
only RB O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
PB NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
significantly RB O
the DT O
last JJ O
parameters NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
DEN NNP O
+ CC O
PB NN O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
, , O
the DT O
survival NN O
was VBD O
prolonged VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
tumor NN B-Disease
incidence NN O
decreased VBD O
as IN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
results NNS O
obtained VBN O
by IN O
DEN NNP O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
PB NNP O
, , O
which WDT O
promotes VBZ O
carcinogenesis NN B-Disease
when WRB O
administered VBN O
after IN O
the DT O
DEN NNP O
treatment NN O
, , O
reduces VBZ O
the DT O
carcinogen NN O
effect NN O
when WRB O
given VBN O
simultaneously RB O
with IN O
DEN NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
' `` O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
carcinogen NN O
' '' O
effect NN O
acts VBZ O
on IN O
the DT O
initiation NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
on IN O
the DT O
promotion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
precancerous JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Biochemical JJ O
investigations NNS O
are VBP O
in IN O
progress NN O
to TO O
obtain VB O
more JJR O
information NN O
about IN O
this DT O
' `` O
paradoxical JJ O
' '' O
PB NN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bilateral JJ B-Disease
optic JJ I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
combined VBN O
ethambutol NN O
and CC O
isoniazid NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
40 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
patient NN O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
an DT O
unsuccessful JJ O
cadaver NN O
kidney NN O
transplantation NN O
and CC O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
ethambutol NN O
and CC O
isoniazid NN O
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
bilateral JJ B-Disease
retrobulbar NN I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
with IN O
an DT O
unusual JJ O
central JJ O
bitemporal JJ O
hemianopic JJ O
scotoma NN B-Disease
was VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ethambutol NNP O
was VBD O
stopped VBN O
and CC O
only RB O
small JJ O
improvement NN O
of IN O
the DT O
visual JJ O
acuity NN O
followed VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Isoniazid NNP O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
later RB O
, , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
dramatic JJ O
improvement NN O
in IN O
the DT O
visual JJ O
acuity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
hazards NNS O
of IN O
optic JJ O
nerve NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
ethambutol NN O
are VBP O
known VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
emphasize VBP O
the DT O
potential JJ O
danger NN O
in IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
ethambutol NN O
and CC O
isoniazid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
vancomycin NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
prospective JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
of IN O
vancomycin NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
in IN O
54 CD O
consecutive JJ O
patients NNS O
over IN O
a DT O
16 CD O
- HYPH O
month NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vancomycin NNP O
was VBD O
curative JJ O
in IN O
95 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
43 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
proven VBN O
infection NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Drugs NNS O
were VBD O
ceased VBN O
in IN O
six CD O
patients NNS O
because IN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
; : O
in IN O
three CD O
of IN O
these DT O
vancomycin NN O
was VBD O
considered VBN O
the DT O
likely JJ O
cause NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reactions NNS O
included VBD O
thrombophlebitis NN B-Disease
( , O
20 CD O
of IN O
54 CD O
patients NNS O
) CD O
, , O
rash NN B-Disease
( , O
4 CD O
of IN O
54 CD O
) NNS O
, , O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
4 CD O
of IN O
50 CD O
) CD O
, , O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
( , O
1 CD O
of IN O
50 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
ototoxicity NN B-Disease
( , O
1 CD O
of IN O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
tested VBN O
by IN O
audiometry NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thrombophlebitis NNP B-Disease
occurred VBD O
only RB O
with IN O
infusion NN O
through IN O
peripheral JJ O
cannulae NN O
; : O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
ototoxicity NN B-Disease
were VBD O
confined VBN O
to IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
an DT O
aminoglycoside NN O
plus CC O
vancomycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
vancomycin NN O
, , O
administered VBN O
appropriately RB O
, , O
constitutes VBZ O
safe JJ O
, , O
effective JJ O
therapy NN O
for IN O
infections NNS B-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
susceptible JJ O
bacteria NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Factors NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
clinical JJ O
outcome NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
amikacin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
from IN O
60 CD O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
amikacin NN O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
for IN O
factors NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
42 CD O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
data NNS O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
for IN O
factors NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
clinical JJ O
outcome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Variables NNS O
evaluated VBN O
included VBD O
patient JJ O
weight NN O
, , O
age NN O
, , O
sex NN O
, , O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
level NN O
, , O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
, , O
duration NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
, , O
total JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
mean JJ O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
organism NN O
minimum NN O
inhibitory JJ O
concentration NN O
( -LRB- O
MIC NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
mean JJ O
peak NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
mean JJ O
trough NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
mean JJ O
area NN O
under IN O
the DT O
serum JJ O
concentration NN O
- HYPH O
time NN O
curve NN O
( , O
AUC NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
total JJ O
AUC NNP O
, , O
mean VBP O
AUC NNP O
greater JJR O
than IN O
MIC NNP O
, , O
total JJ O
AUC NNP O
greater JJR O
than IN O
MIC NNP O
, , O
mean VB O
Schumacher NNP O
' POS O
s NN O
intensity NN O
factor NN O
( , O
IF NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
total JJ O
IF NN O
, , O
In IN O
( , O
mean JJ O
maximum NN O
concentration NN O
[ -LRB- O
Cmax NNP O
] -RRB- O
/ SYM O
MIC NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Model NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
pharmacokinetic JJ O
parameters NNS O
were VBD O
calculated VBN O
by IN O
computer NN O
based VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
one CD O
- HYPH O
compartment NN O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
the DT O
parameters NNS O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
individually RB O
, , O
duration NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
total JJ O
AUC NNP O
correlated VBD O
significantly RB O
( : O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
a DT O
stepwise JJ O
discriminant JJ O
function NN O
analysis NN O
identified VBD O
only RB O
duration NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
( -LRB- O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
as IN O
an DT O
important JJ O
factor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
this DT O
model NN O
and CC O
on IN O
Bayes NNP O
' POS O
theorem NN O
, , O
the DT O
predictive JJ O
accuracy NN O
of IN O
identifying VBG O
"""" `` O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
"""" '' O
patients NNS O
increased VBD O
from IN O
0 CD O
. . O
17 CD O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
39 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
examined VBN O
individually RB O
, , O
mean VBP O
IF NN O
, , O
MIC NNP O
, , O
total JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
mean JJ O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
and CC O
ln NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
Cmax NNP O
/ SYM O
MIC NNP O
) -RRB- O
correlated VBN O
significantly RB O
( : O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
cure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
a DT O
simultaneous JJ O
multivariable JJ O
analysis NN O
identified VBN O
IF NNP O
, , O
MIC NNP O
, , O
and CC O
total JJ O
dose NN O
according VBG O
to IN O
one CD O
model NN O
and CC O
ln NN O
( , O
mean JJ O
Cmax NNP O
/ SYM O
MIC NNP O
) -RRB- O
according VBG O
to IN O
a DT O
second JJ O
statistical JJ O
model NN O
of IN O
parameters NNS O
selected VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
the DT O
greatest JJS O
prospective JJ O
value NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Based VBN O
on IN O
Bayes NNP O
' POS O
theorem NN O
and CC O
the DT O
first JJ O
model NN O
, , O
the DT O
predictive JJ O
accuracy NN O
of IN O
identifying VBG O
patients NNS O
not RB O
cured VBN O
increased VBD O
from IN O
0 CD O
. . O
19 CD O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
83 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
the DT O
second JJ O
model NN O
, , O
the DT O
predictive JJ O
accuracy NN O
increased VBD O
from IN O
0 CD O
. . O
19 CD O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
50 CD O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) : O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Report NN O
of IN O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
spontaneous JJ O
angina NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
colon NN B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
and CC O
liver NN O
metastasis NN B-Disease
who WP O
presented VBD O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
after IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
fluorouracil NN O
( HYPH O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
) -RRB- O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
electrocardiographic JJ O
evolution NN O
was VBD O
similar JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
observed VBN O
in IN O
Prinzmetal NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
angina NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
chest NN B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
promptly RB O
resolved VBN O
with IN O
nifedipine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
calcium NN O
antagonists NNS O
may MD O
probably RB O
be VB O
used VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
or CC O
treatment NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
FU NN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dose NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
beneficial JJ O
and CC O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
dietary JJ O
corticosterone NN O
on IN O
organophosphorus NN O
- , O
induced VBD O
delayed VBN O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
chickens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tri NNP O
- HYPH O
ortho NNP O
- HYPH O
tolyl NN O
phosphate NN O
( , O
TOTP NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
360 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
po NN O
, , O
and CC O
0 CD O
, , O
0 CD O
' '' O
- HYPH O
diisopropyl NN O
phosphorofluoridate NN O
( , O
DFP NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
sc NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
to IN O
adult NN O
White NNP O
Leghorn NNP O
chickens NNS O
24 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
they PRP O
were VBD O
placed VBN O
on IN O
diets NNS O
containing VBG O
0 CD O
to TO O
300 CD O
ppm NN O
corticosterone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Supplemented JJ O
diets NNS O
were VBD O
continued VBN O
until IN O
clinical JJ O
signs NNS O
and CC O
lesions NNS O
of IN O
delayed VBN O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
appeared VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
low JJ O
concentrations NNS O
( , O
less JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
50 CD O
ppm NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
corticosterone NN O
had VBD O
beneficial JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
TOTP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
, , O
greater JJR O
than IN O
or CC O
equal JJ O
to IN O
200 CD O
ppm NN O
exacerbated VBD O
clinical JJ O
signs NNS O
in IN O
chickens NNS O
given VBN O
either CC O
TOTP NNP O
or CC O
DFP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
esterase NN O
activities NNS O
24 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
TOTP NNP O
or CC O
DFP NNP O
were VBD O
less JJR O
than IN O
20 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
values NNS O
measured VBN O
in IN O
chickens NNS O
not RB O
given VBN O
organophosphorous JJ O
compounds NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chickens NNS O
given VBN O
200 CD O
ppm NN O
corticosterone NN O
without IN O
TOTP NNP O
or CC O
DFP NNP O
had VBD O
significantly RB O
elevated VBN O
activity NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
cholinesterase NN O
and CC O
significantly RB O
inhibited VBN O
activity NN O
of IN O
liver NN O
carboxylesterase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Degenerating VBG B-Disease
myelinated JJ I-Disease
fibers NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
also RB O
evident JJ O
in IN O
distal JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
nerves NNS O
of IN O
chickens NNS O
given VBN O
TOTP NNP O
or CC O
DFP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amiodarone NNP O
has VBZ O
proved VBN O
very RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
otherwise RB O
resistant JJ O
cardiac JJ O
tachyarrhythmias NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
use NN O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
has VBZ O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
been VBN O
limited VBN O
due IN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
serious JJ O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
amiodarone NN O
treatment NN O
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
below RB O
and CC O
a DT O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
is VBZ O
given VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
solid JJ O
evidence NN O
exists VBZ O
of IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
amiodarone NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
including VBG O
steatosis NN B-Disease
, , O
alterations NNS O
resembling VBG O
alcoholic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
, , O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
and CC O
micronodular JJ O
cirrhosis NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
amiodarone NN O
should MD O
be VB O
regularly RB O
screened VBN O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
hepatic JJ O
enzyme NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therapy NN O
should MD O
be VB O
discontinued VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
suspicion NN O
of IN O
cholestatic JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
or CC O
hepatomegaly NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Promotional JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
testosterone NN O
and CC O
dietary JJ O
fat NN O
on IN O
prostate NN O
carcinogenesis NN B-Disease
in IN O
genetically RB O
susceptible JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Germfree NNP O
( : O
GF NNP O
) -LRB- O
Lobund NNP O
strain NN O
Wistar NNP O
( -LRB- O
LW NNP O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
, , O
fed VBD O
vegetable NN O
diet NN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
485 CD O
, , O
have VBP O
developed VBN O
prostate NN B-Disease
adenocarcinomas NNS I-Disease
spontaneously RB O
( : O
10 CD O
% NN O
incidence NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
average JJ O
age NN O
34 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conventional JJ O
LW NNP O
rats NNS O
, , O
implanted VBN O
with IN O
testosterone NN O
at IN O
age NN O
4 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
developed VBD O
a DT O
higher JJR O
incidence NN O
of IN O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
after IN O
an DT O
average JJ O
interval NN O
of IN O
14 CD O
months NNS O
: : O
24 CD O
% NN O
had VBD O
developed VBN O
gross JJ O
tumors NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
40 CD O
% NN O
when WRB O
it PRP O
included VBD O
microscopic JJ O
tumors NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Preliminary JJ O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
testosterone NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
LW NNP O
rats NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
fed VBN O
the DT O
same JJ O
diet NN O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
supplemented VBN O
with IN O
corn NN O
oil NN O
up IN O
to TO O
20 CD O
% NN O
fat JJ O
, , O
developed VBD O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
after IN O
intervals NNS O
of IN O
6 CD O
- SYM O
12 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Aged JJ O
GF NNP O
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
( : O
SD NNP O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
have VBP O
not RB O
developed VBN O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
spontaneously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Conventional JJ O
SD NN O
rats NNS O
fed VBD O
diet NN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
485 CD O
and CC O
treated VBN O
with IN O
testosterone NN O
developed VBD O
only RB O
prostatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Experimental JJ O
designs NNS O
should MD O
consider VB O
genetic JJ O
susceptibility NN O
as IN O
a DT O
basic JJ O
prerequisite NN O
for IN O
studies NNS O
on IN O
experimental JJ O
prostate NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Time NN O
course NN O
alterations NNS O
of IN O
QTC NNP O
interval NN O
due JJ O
to IN O
hypaque NN O
76 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sequential JJ O
measurement NN O
of IN O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
during IN O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
angiography NN O
was VBD O
made VBN O
30 CD O
seconds NNS O
and CC O
one CD O
, , O
three CD O
, , O
five CD O
and CC O
ten CD O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
injection NN O
of IN O
hypaque NN O
76 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
subjects NNS O
were VBD O
ten CD O
patients NNS O
found VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
normal JJ O
left VBN O
ventricles NNS O
and CC O
coronary JJ O
arteries NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Significant JJ O
QTC NNP B-Disease
prolongation NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
30 CD O
seconds NNS O
to IN O
one CD O
minute NN O
in IN O
association NN O
with IN O
marked JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
elevation NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
output NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rat JJ O
extraocular JJ O
muscle NN O
regeneration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Repair NN O
of IN O
local JJ O
anesthetic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Local JJ O
anesthetics NNS O
that WDT O
are VBP O
commonly RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
ophthalmic JJ O
surgery NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
% NN O
bupivacaine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
mepivacaine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
, , O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
lidocaine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
plus CC O
1 CD O
: : O
100 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
epinephrine NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
injected VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
retrobulbar JJ O
area NN O
of IN O
rat NN O
eyes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Controls NNS O
were VBD O
injected VBN O
with IN O
physiological JJ O
saline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
three CD O
anesthetics NNS O
produced VBD O
massive JJ O
degeneration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
extraocular JJ O
muscles NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Muscle NN B-Disease
degeneration NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
followed VBN O
by IN O
regeneration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
damaged VBN O
muscle NN O
fibers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
, , O
severe JJ O
damage NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
seen VBN O
in IN O
harderian JJ O
glands NNS O
, , O
especially RB O
after IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
mepivacaine NN O
and CC O
lidocaine NN O
plus CC O
epinephrine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
these DT O
findings NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
hypothesized VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
temporary JJ O
diplopia NN B-Disease
sometimes RB O
seen VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
after IN O
ophthalmic JJ O
surgery NN O
might MD O
be VB O
due IN O
to IN O
anesthetic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
damage NN O
to IN O
the DT O
extraocular JJ O
muscles NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gentamicin NN O
nephropathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
neonate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinical JJ O
and CC O
autopsy NN O
findings NNS O
in IN O
a DT O
premature JJ O
baby NN O
who WP O
died VBD O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
after IN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
gentamicin NN O
( : O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
penicillin NN O
are VBP O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
serum JJ O
gentamicin NN O
concentration NN O
had VBD O
reached VBN O
toxic JJ O
levels NNS O
when WRB O
anuria NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Numerous JJ O
periodic JJ O
acid NN O
Schiff NNP O
( -LRB- O
PAS NNP O
) -RRB- O
positive JJ O
, , O
diastase NN O
resistant JJ O
cytoplasmic JJ O
inclusion NN O
bodies NNS O
which WDT O
appeared VBD O
as IN O
myelin NN O
figures NNS O
in IN O
cytosegresomes NNS O
under IN O
the DT O
electron NN O
microscope NN O
were VBD O
identified VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
proximal JJ O
convoluted VBN O
tubules NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pathological JJ O
changes NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
gentamicin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
human JJ O
neonatal JJ O
kidneys NNS O
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
previously RB O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Induction NN O
by IN O
paracetamol NN O
of IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
tumours NNS I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
on IN O
hepatocyte NN O
fine NN O
structure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Groups NNS O
of IN O
male JJ O
and CC O
female JJ O
inbred JJ O
Leeds NNS O
strain VBP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
fed VBN O
diets NNS O
containing VBG O
either CC O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
or CC O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
paracetamol NN O
by IN O
weight NN O
for IN O
up IN O
to TO O
18 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
dosage NN O
level NN O
, , O
20 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
of IN O
both DT O
sexes NNS O
developed VBD O
neoplastic JJ O
nodules NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
, , O
a DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
incidence NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
rats NNS O
also RB O
showed VBD O
gross JJ O
enlargement NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
livers NNS O
and CC O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
foci NN O
of IN O
cellular JJ O
alteration NN O
, , O
the DT O
latter JJ O
also RB O
being VBG O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
low JJ O
dosage NN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Papillomas NNP B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
transitional JJ O
epithelium NN O
of IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
developed VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
paracetamol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
groups NNS O
, , O
and CC O
three CD O
rats NNS O
bore VBD O
bladder NN B-Disease
carcinomas NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
significant JJ O
yields NNS O
of IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
tumours NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
only RB O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
low JJ O
dosage NN O
females NNS O
and CC O
high JJ O
dosage NN O
males NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additionally RB O
, , O
20 CD O
to TO O
25 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
paracetamol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
developed VBD O
hyperplasia NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
epithelium NN O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
not RB O
coincident JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
calculi NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
low JJ O
yield NN O
of IN O
tumours NNS B-Disease
at IN O
various JJ O
other JJ O
sites NNS O
also RB O
arose VBD O
following VBG O
paracetamol NN O
feeding NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
electron NN O
microscope NN O
study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
livers NNS O
of IN O
paracetamol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
revealed VBD O
ultrastructural JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
hepatocytes NNS O
that WDT O
resemble VBP O
those DT O
that WDT O
result VBP O
from IN O
exposure NN O
to IN O
a DT O
variety NN O
of IN O
known VBN O
hepatocarcinogens NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Transient JJ O
hemiparesis NN B-Disease
: : O
a DT O
rare JJ O
manifestation NN O
of IN O
diphenylhydantoin NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Report NN O
of IN O
two CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
the DT O
common JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
diphenylhydantoin NN O
( -LRB- O
DPH NN O
) -RRB- O
overdose NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
most RBS O
frequently RB O
encountered VBN O
neurological JJ O
signs NNS O
are VBP O
those DT O
of IN O
cerebellar JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Very RB O
rarely RB O
, , O
the DT O
toxic JJ O
neurological JJ O
manifestations NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
are VBP O
of IN O
cerebral JJ O
origin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
presented VBN O
who WP O
suffered VBD O
progressive JJ O
hemiparesis NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
DPH NNP O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
had VBD O
brain NN O
surgery NN O
before IN O
DPH NNP O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
assumed VBN O
that IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
some DT O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
are VBP O
liable JJ O
to TO O
manifest VB O
DPH NNP O
toxicity NN B-Disease
as IN O
focal JJ O
neurological JJ O
signs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tiapride NNP O
in IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
involuntary JJ B-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tiapride NNP O
, , O
a DT O
substituted VBN O
benzamide NN O
derivative NN O
closely RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
metoclopramide NN O
, , O
reduced VBD O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
peak NN O
dose NN O
involuntary JJ B-Disease
movements NNS I-Disease
in IN O
16 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
idiopathic JJ B-Disease
Parkinson NNP I-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
an DT O
unacceptable JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
disability NN O
from IN O
Parkinsonism NNP B-Disease
with IN O
aggravation NN O
of IN O
end NN O
- HYPH O
of IN O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
akinesia NN B-Disease
led VBD O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
cessation NN O
in IN O
14 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tiapride NNP O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
early JJ O
morning NN O
of IN O
"""" `` O
off JJ O
- HYPH O
period NN O
"""" '' O
segmental JJ O
dystonia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
fail VBP O
to TO O
support VB O
the DT O
notion NN O
that IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
are VBP O
caused VBN O
by IN O
overstimulation NN O
of IN O
a DT O
separate JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Quinidine NNP O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
administration NN O
of IN O
quinidine NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
persistent JJ O
elevation NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
SGOT NN O
, , O
lactic JJ O
acid NN O
dehydrogenase NN O
, , O
and CC O
alkaline JJ O
phosphatase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN O
biopsy NN O
showed VBD O
active JJ O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Discontinuance NN O
of IN O
quinidine NN O
therapy NN O
led VBD O
to IN O
normalization NN O
of IN O
liver NN O
function NN O
tests NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
challenge NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
quinidine NN O
caused VBD O
clinical JJ O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
abrupt JJ O
elevation NN O
of IN O
SGOT NNP O
, , O
alkaline NN O
phosphatase NN O
, , O
and CC O
lactic JJ O
acid NN O
dehydrogenase NN O
values NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
concluded VBD O
that IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
quinidine NN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
believe VBP O
that IN O
this DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
reported VBN O
with IN O
liver NN O
biopsy NN O
documentation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
report NN O
also RB O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
, , O
even RB O
after IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
administration NN O
, , O
the DT O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
reversible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Arterial JJ O
thromboembolism NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
systemic JJ O
heparin NN O
therapy NN O
: : O
a DT O
complication NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Arterial JJ O
thromboembolism NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
recognized VBN O
complication NN O
of IN O
systemic JJ O
heparin NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Characteristic JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
entity NN O
is VBZ O
arterial JJ B-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
by IN O
platelet NN O
- HYPH O
fibrin NN O
thrombi NN B-Disease
with IN O
distal JJ O
ischemia NN B-Disease
occurring VBG O
four CD O
to TO O
twenty CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
initiation NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
preceded VBN O
by IN O
profound JJ O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
with IN O
platelet NN O
counts NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
range NN O
of IN O
30 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
to TO O
40 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
per IN O
cubic JJ O
millimeter NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinically RB O
apparent JJ O
occlusion NN O
may MD O
be VB O
preceded VBN O
by IN O
gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
musculoskeletal JJ I-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
that WDT O
appear VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
in IN O
origin NN O
, , O
and CC O
might MD O
serve VB O
to TO O
warn VB O
the DT O
clinician NN O
of IN O
these DT O
complications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
reports NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
phenomena NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
recent JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
are VBP O
reviewed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
common JJ O
factor NN O
relating VBG O
thromboembolism NN B-Disease
and CC O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Appropriate JJ O
treatment NN O
consists VBZ O
of IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
, , O
and CC O
anticoagulation NN O
with IN O
sodium NN O
warfarin NN O
if IN O
necessary JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vascular JJ O
procedures NNS O
are VBP O
performed VBN O
as IN O
indicated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pharmacology NN O
of IN O
GYKI NNP O
- HYPH O
41 CD O
099 CD O
( : O
chlorpropanol NN O
, , O
Tobanum NNP O
) -RRB- O
a DT O
new JJ O
potent JJ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
antagonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
compound NN O
GYKI NNP O
- HYPH O
41 CD O
099 CD O
, , O
as IN O
a DT O
beta JJ O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
antagonist NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
3 CD O
- SYM O
8 CD O
times NNS O
more RBR O
potent JJ O
than IN O
propranolol NN O
in IN O
vitro FW O
and CC O
in IN O
vivo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Its PRP$ O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
effectiveness NN O
surpasses VBZ O
that DT O
of IN O
propranolol NN O
and CC O
pindolol NN O
inhibiting VBG O
the DT O
ouabain NN O
arrhythmia NN B-Disease
in IN O
dogs NNS O
and CC O
cats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
GYKI NNP O
- HYPH O
41 CD O
900 CD O
has VBZ O
a DT O
negligible JJ O
cardiodepressant NN O
activity NN O
; : O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
cardioselective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
compound NN O
shows VBZ O
a DT O
rapid JJ O
and CC O
long JJ O
lasting VBG O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
prolonged VBN O
elimination NN O
of IN O
the DT O
radioactivity NN O
after IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
of IN O
14C CD O
- HYPH O
41 CD O
099 CD O
to IN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
half JJ O
life NN O
of IN O
the DT O
unlabeled JJ O
substance NN O
in IN O
humans NNS O
was VBD O
more JJR O
than IN O
10 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
to IN O
bendrofluazide NN O
and CC O
propranolol NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
mild JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Report NN O
of IN O
Medical NNP O
Research NNP O
Council NNP O
Working NNP O
Party NNP O
on IN O
Mild NN O
to IN O
Moderate JJ O
Hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Participants NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
Medical NNP O
Research NNP O
Council NNP O
treatment NN O
trial NN O
for IN O
mild JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
are VBP O
randomly RB O
allocated VBN O
to IN O
one CD O
of IN O
four CD O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
: : O
bendrofluazide NN O
, , O
propranolol NN O
, , O
or CC O
a DT O
placebo NN O
for IN O
either DT O
of IN O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
trial NN O
is VBZ O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
23 CD O
582 CD O
patient NN O
- HYPH O
years NNS O
of IN O
observation NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
completed VBN O
so RB O
far RB O
, , O
10 CD O
684 CD O
on IN O
active JJ O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
12 CD O
898 CD O
on IN O
placebos NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
show VBP O
an DT O
association NN O
between IN O
bendrofluazide NN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
impotence NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
impotence NN B-Disease
also RB O
occurred VBD O
more RBR O
frequently RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
taking VBG O
propranolol NN O
than IN O
in IN O
those DT O
taking VBG O
placebos NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Other JJ O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
significantly RB O
linked VBN O
with IN O
active JJ O
drugs NNS O
include VBP O
impaired VBN B-Disease
glucose NN I-Disease
tolerance NN I-Disease
in IN O
men NNS O
and CC O
women NNS O
and CC O
gout NN B-Disease
in IN O
men NNS O
, , O
associated VBN O
with IN O
bendrofluazide NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
and CC O
Raynaud NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
phenomenon NN I-Disease
and CC O
dyspnoea NN B-Disease
in IN O
men NNS O
and CC O
women NNS O
taking VBG O
propranolol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
corneal JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
known VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
occurred VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
propranolol NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean JJ O
serum NN O
potassium NN O
level NN O
fell VBD O
, , O
and CC O
urea NN O
and CC O
uric NN O
acid NN O
levels NNS O
rose VBD O
, , O
in IN O
men NNS O
and CC O
women NNS O
taking VBG O
bendrofluazide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
propranolol NN O
group NN O
, , O
serum NN O
potassium NN O
and CC O
uric NN O
acid NN O
levels NNS O
rose VBD O
in IN O
both DT O
sexes NNS O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
urea NN O
level NN O
rose VBD O
significantly RB O
in IN O
women NNS O
only RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serotonergic JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
benzodiazepines NNS O
and CC O
baclofen NN O
block NN O
muscimol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myoclonic JJ B-Disease
jerks NNS I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
strain NN O
of IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
male JJ O
Swiss JJ O
mice NNS O
, , O
muscimol NN O
produced VBD O
myoclonic JJ B-Disease
jerks NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
3 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
( HYPH O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
dose NN O
induced VBD O
this DT O
response NN O
in IN O
all DT O
of IN O
the DT O
mice NNS O
tested VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
peak NN O
response NN O
of IN O
73 CD O
jerks NNS O
per IN O
min NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
between IN O
27 CD O
and CC O
45 CD O
min NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increasing VBG O
the DT O
brain NN O
serotonin NN O
levels NNS O
by IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxytryptophan NN O
( : O
80 CD O
- SYM O
160 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) , O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
a DT O
peripheral JJ O
decarboxylase NN O
inhibitor NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
an DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
the DT O
muscimol NN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
in IN O
a DT O
similar JJ O
experiment NN O
l IN O
- HYPH O
dopa NN O
( : O
80 CD O
- SYM O
160 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
without IN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
3 CD O
- SYM O
10 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
the DT O
serotonin NN O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
212 CD O
caused VBD O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
blockade NN O
of IN O
the DT O
response NN O
of IN O
muscimol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
benzodiazepines NNS O
, , O
clonazepam NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
several JJ O
fold NN O
more RBR O
potent JJ O
than IN O
diazepam NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
blocking VBG O
the DT O
myoclonic JJ B-Disease
jerks NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
( : O
- HYPH O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
baclofen NN O
( , O
1 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
proved VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
an DT O
effective JJ O
antagonist NN O
of IN O
muscimol NN O
, , O
its PRP$ O
( , O
+ CC O
) NFP O
- HYPH O
isomer NN O
( , O
5 CD O
- SYM O
20 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
lacked VBD O
this DT O
property NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Considering VBG O
the DT O
fact NN O
that IN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HTP NN O
and CC O
the DT O
benzodiazepines NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
beneficial JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
management NN O
of IN O
clinical JJ O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
muscimol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
satisfactory JJ O
animal NN O
model NN O
that WDT O
may MD O
prove VB O
useful JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
new JJ O
drug NN O
treatments NNS O
for IN O
this DT O
condition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
present JJ O
study NN O
indicated VBD O
the DT O
possible JJ O
value NN O
of IN O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
212 CD O
and CC O
( : O
- HYPH O
) SYM O
- HYPH O
baclofen NN O
in IN O
the DT O
management NN O
of IN O
clinical JJ O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
interaction NN O
between IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
blocking NN O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
verapamil NN O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
report NN O
of IN O
three CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
ischaemic JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
profound JJ O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
during IN O
combined VBN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
verapamil NN O
and CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
blocking NN O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
clinical JJ O
picture NN O
resolved VBN O
completely RB O
with IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
combined VBN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Baseline NN O
left VBD O
ventricular JJ O
function NN O
, , O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
cardiac JJ O
catheterisation NN O
or CC O
nuclear JJ O
angiography NN O
, , O
was VBD O
normal JJ O
in IN O
two CD O
patients NNS O
and CC O
only RB O
mildly RB O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Simultaneously RB O
administration NN O
of IN O
beta JJ O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
blocking NN O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
verapamil NN O
may MD O
result VB O
in IN O
profound JJ O
adverse JJ O
interactions NNS O
and CC O
should MD O
only RB O
be VB O
administered VBN O
with IN O
great JJ O
caution NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Comparison NN O
of IN O
the DT O
effectiveness NN O
of IN O
ranitidine NN O
and CC O
cimetidine NN O
in IN O
inhibiting VBG O
acid NN O
secretion NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
gastric JJ O
hypersecretory NN O
states NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
H2 NNP O
- HYPH O
histamine NN O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
ranitidine NN O
and CC O
cimetidine NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
for IN O
their PRP$ O
abilities NNS O
to TO O
control VB O
gastric JJ O
acid NN O
hypersecretion NN O
on IN O
a DT O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
and CC O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
basis NN O
in IN O
22 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
gastric JJ O
acid NN O
hypersecretory JJ O
states NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nineteen CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
Zollinger NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Ellison NNP I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
, , O
one CD O
patient NN O
had VBD O
systemic JJ B-Disease
mastocytosis NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
two CD O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
idiopathic JJ O
hypersecretion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
rates NNS O
of IN O
onset NN O
of IN O
the DT O
action NN O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
and CC O
ranitidine NN O
were VBD O
the DT O
same JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
actions NNS O
of IN O
both DT O
drugs NNS O
were VBD O
increased VBN O
by IN O
anticholinergic JJ O
agents NNS O
, , O
and CC O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
close JJ O
correlation NN O
between IN O
the DT O
daily JJ O
maintenance NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
each DT O
drug NN O
needed VBN O
to TO O
control VB O
acid NN O
secretion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
ranitidine NN O
was VBD O
threefold RB O
more RBR O
potent JJ O
than IN O
cimetidine NN O
both CC O
in IN O
acute JJ O
inhibition NN O
studies NNS O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
median JJ O
maintenance NN O
dose NN O
needed VBN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
g NN O
per IN O
day NN O
for IN O
ranitidine NN O
and CC O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
g NN O
per IN O
day NN O
for IN O
cimetidine NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sixty CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
the DT O
males NNS O
developed VBD O
breast NN O
changes NNS O
or CC O
impotence NN B-Disease
while IN O
taking VBG O
cimetidine NN O
and CC O
in IN O
all DT O
cases NNS O
these DT O
changes NNS O
disappeared VBD O
when WRB O
cimetidine NN O
was VBD O
replaced VBN O
by IN O
ranitidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
with IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
( : O
one CD O
to TO O
60 CD O
months NNS O
; : O
median JJ O
, , O
11 CD O
months NNS O
) , O
or CC O
ranitidine NN O
( : O
two CD O
to TO O
31 CD O
months NNS O
; : O
median JJ O
, , O
14 CD O
months NNS O
) , O
was VBD O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
or CC I-Disease
hematologic JJ I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
or CC O
alterations NNS O
of IN O
serum JJ O
gastrin NN O
concentrations NNS O
, , O
but CC O
ranitidine NN O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
significantly RB O
lower JJR O
serum JJ O
creatinine NN O
level NN O
than IN O
seen VBN O
with IN O
cimetidine NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
both DT O
drugs NNS O
can MD O
adequately RB O
inhibit VB O
acid NN O
secretion NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
gastric JJ O
hypersecretory NN O
states NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
are VBP O
safe JJ O
at IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
, , O
but CC O
ranitidine NN O
is VBZ O
threefold RB O
more RBR O
potent JJ O
and CC O
does VBZ O
not RB O
cause VB O
the DT O
antiandrogen JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
frequently RB O
seen VBN O
with IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
cimetidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epileptogenic JJ O
properties NNS O
of IN O
enflurane NN O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
clinical JJ O
interpretation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
EEG NNP O
changes NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
single JJ O
exposure NN O
to IN O
enflurane NN O
anesthesia NN O
are VBP O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
one CD O
patient NN O
, , O
enflurane NN O
administered VBN O
during IN O
a DT O
donor NN O
nephrectomy NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
unexpected JJ O
partial JJ O
motor NN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Until IN O
the DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
the DT O
seizures NNS B-Disease
was VBD O
correctly RB O
identified VBN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
inappropriately RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
anticonvulsants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
other JJ O
patients NNS O
suffered VBD O
from IN O
partial JJ O
, , O
complex JJ O
and CC O
generalized JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
uncontrolled JJ O
by IN O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epileptic JJ B-Disease
foci NN O
delineated VBN O
and CC O
activated VBN O
by IN O
enflurane NN O
were VBD O
surgically RB O
ablated VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
now RB O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
free JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
exposures NNS O
to IN O
enflurane NN O
have VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
disclosed VBN O
to TO O
avoid VB O
mistakes NNS O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
interpretation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
EEG NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
enflurane NN O
may MD O
prove VB O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
safe JJ O
fast JJ O
acting VBG O
activator NN O
of IN O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
foci NN O
during IN O
corticography NN O
or CC O
depth NN O
electrode NN O
intraoperative JJ O
recordings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Development NN O
of IN O
isoproterenol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
hypertrophy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
development NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
hypertrophy NN I-Disease
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
adult NN O
female JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
following VBG O
daily JJ O
subcutaneous JJ O
injections NNS O
of IN O
isoproterenol NN O
( : O
ISO NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
body NN O
weight NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
time NN O
course NN O
was VBD O
established VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
change NN O
in IN O
tissue NN O
mass NN O
, , O
RNA NN O
and CC O
DNA NN O
content NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
hydroxyproline NN O
content NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heart NN O
weight NN O
increased VBD O
44 CD O
% NN O
after IN O
8 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
a DT O
half JJ O
time NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ventricular JJ O
RNA NNP O
content NN O
was VBD O
elevated VBN O
26 CD O
% NN O
after IN O
24 CD O
h NN O
of IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
injection NN O
and CC O
reached VBD O
a DT O
maximal JJ O
level NN O
following VBG O
8 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
half JJ O
time NN O
for IN O
RNA NNP O
accumulation NN O
was VBD O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
total JJ O
content NN O
of IN O
hydroxyproline NN O
remained VBD O
stable JJ O
during IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
2 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
but CC O
increased VBD O
46 CD O
% NN O
after IN O
4 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ventricular JJ O
DNA NNP O
content NN O
was VBD O
unchanged JJ O
during IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
stage NN O
( , O
1 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
hypertrophic JJ B-Disease
growth NN O
but CC O
increased VBD O
to IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
steady JJ O
- HYPH O
state NN O
level NN O
19 CD O
% NN O
above IN O
the DT O
controls NNS O
after IN O
8 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intraventricular JJ O
pressures NNS O
and CC O
coronary JJ O
flow NN O
measures NNS O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
for IN O
control NN O
and CC O
experimental JJ O
animals NNS O
following VBG O
4 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
developed VBN O
hypertrophy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
dP NNP O
/ , O
dt IN O
in IN O
the DT O
ISO NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
hearts NNS O
was VBD O
slightly RB O
but CC O
significantly RB O
( : O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
elevated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
adaptive JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
ISO NNP O
shows VBZ O
an DT O
early JJ O
hypertrophic JJ B-Disease
phase NN O
( , O
1 CD O
- SYM O
4 CD O
days NNS O
) , O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
substantial JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
RNA NN O
content NN O
and CC O
cardiac JJ O
mass NN O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
DNA NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
prolonged JJ O
stimulation NN O
( : O
8 CD O
- SYM O
12 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
represent VB O
a DT O
complex JJ O
integration NN O
of IN O
both CC O
cellular JJ O
hypertrophy NN B-Disease
and CC O
hyperplasia NN B-Disease
within IN O
the DT O
heart NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Multiple JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
penicillamine NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
one CD O
patient NN O
with IN O
rheumatoid NN B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Skin NN B-Disease
rashes NNS I-Disease
, , O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
, , O
systemic JJ B-Disease
lupus NN I-Disease
erythematosus NN I-Disease
, , O
polymyositis NN B-Disease
and CC O
myasthenia NN B-Disease
gravis NN I-Disease
have VBP O
all DT O
been VBN O
recorded VBN O
as IN O
complications NNS O
of IN O
penicillamine NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
had VBD O
developed VBN O
all DT O
5 CD O
is VBZ O
now RB O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
skin NN B-Disease
lesion NN I-Disease
resembled VBD O
elastosis NN B-Disease
perforans NNS I-Disease
serpiginosa NN I-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
rare JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Wilson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
penicillamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Obsolete JJ O
but CC O
dangerous JJ O
antacid JJ O
preparations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
case NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
hypercalcaemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
two CD O
of IN O
recurrent JJ O
nephrolithiasis NN B-Disease
are VBP O
reported VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
regularly RB O
consumed VBN O
large JJ O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
calcium NN O
carbon NN O
- HYPH O
ate VBN O
- HYPH O
sodium NN O
bicarbonate NN O
powders NNS O
for IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
20 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
powders NNS O
had VBD O
been VBN O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
pharmacists NNS O
unknown JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
' POS O
medical JJ O
practitioners NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
these DT O
preparations NNS O
were VBD O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' '' O
s POS O
problems NNS O
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
such JJ O
powders NNS O
should MD O
no DT O
longer RBR O
be VB O
freely RB O
obtainable JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Doxorubicin NNP O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
children NNS O
with IN O
left JJ O
- HYPH O
sided JJ O
Wilms NNP B-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
children NNS O
with IN O
Wilms NNP B-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
kidney NN O
experienced VBD O
severe JJ O
anthracycline NN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
after IN O
irradiation NN O
to IN O
the DT O
tumor NN B-Disease
bed NN O
and CC O
conventional JJ O
dosage NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
attributed VBN O
1 CD O
) CD O
to IN O
the DT O
fact NN O
that IN O
radiation NN O
fields NNS O
for IN O
left JJ O
Wilms NNP B-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
include VBP O
the DT O
lower JJR O
portion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
heart NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
) , O
to IN O
the DT O
interaction NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
and CC O
irradiation NN O
on IN O
cardiac JJ O
muscle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
recommended VBN O
that IN O
doxorubicin NN O
dosage NN O
be VB O
sharply RB O
restricted VBN O
in IN O
children NNS O
with IN O
Wilms NNP B-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
left JJ O
kidney NN O
who WP O
receive VBP O
postoperative JJ O
irradiation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
calcitonin NN O
on IN O
rat NN O
extrapyramidal JJ O
motor NN O
system NN O
: : O
behavioral JJ O
and CC O
biochemical JJ O
data NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
i ADD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
injection NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
and CC O
salmon NN O
calcitonin NN O
on IN O
biochemical JJ O
and CC O
behavioral JJ O
parameters NNS O
related VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
extrapyramidal JJ O
motor NN O
system NN O
, , O
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Calcitonin NN O
injection NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
potentiation NN O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
partial JJ O
prevention NN O
of IN O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hyperactivity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
calcitonin NN O
induced VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
nigral JJ O
GAD NNP O
activity NN O
but CC O
no DT O
change NN O
in IN O
striatal JJ O
DA NN O
and CC O
DOPAC NNP O
concentration NN O
or CC O
GAD NNP O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
in IN O
view NN O
of IN O
a DT O
primary JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
calcitonin NN O
on IN O
the DT O
striatonigral JJ O
GABAergic NNP O
pathway NN O
mediating VBG O
the DT O
DA NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
behavioral JJ O
messages NNS O
of IN O
striatal JJ O
origin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Naloxazone NNP O
pretreatment NN O
modifies VBZ O
cardiorespiratory NN O
, , O
temperature NN O
, , O
and CC O
behavioral JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Behavioral JJ O
and CC O
cardiorespiratory JJ O
responses NNS O
to IN O
a DT O
lethal JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
or CC O
naloxazone NN O
, , O
an DT O
antagonist NN O
of IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
affinity NN O
mu NN O
1 CD O
opioid NN O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
with IN O
naloxazone NN O
significantly RB O
blocked VBD O
morphine NN O
analgesia NN B-Disease
, , O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
and CC O
hypothermia NN B-Disease
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
which WDT O
completely RB O
eliminated VBD O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
affinity NN O
binding NN O
in IN O
brain NN O
membranes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
naloxazone NN O
significantly RB O
attenuated VBD O
the DT O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
less RBR O
affected JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
subpopulations NNS O
of IN O
mu NN O
receptors NNS O
may MD O
mediate VB O
selective JJ O
behavioral JJ O
and CC O
cardiorespiratory JJ O
responses NNS O
to IN O
morphine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Modification NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
action NN O
by IN O
hyperammonemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pretreatment NN O
with IN O
ammonium NN O
acetate NN O
( , O
NH4Ac NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
6 CD O
mmol NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
approximately RB O
doubled VBD O
the DT O
time NN O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
mice NNS O
remained VBD O
on IN O
a DT O
hot JJ O
surface NN O
and CC O
similarly RB O
increased VBN O
muscular JJ O
incoordination NN B-Disease
by IN O
diazepam NN O
, , O
but CC O
NH4Ac NNP O
treatment NN O
alone RB O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
hyperammonemia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
capable JJ O
of IN O
altering VBG O
drug NN O
action NN O
and CC O
must MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
along IN O
with IN O
impaired JJ O
drug NN O
metabolism NN O
in IN O
enhanced VBN O
drug NN O
responses NNS O
associated VBN O
with IN O
liver NN B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Experiments NNS O
in IN O
vitro FW O
showed VBD O
that IN O
acetylcholine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catecholamine NN O
release NN O
from IN O
bovine JJ O
adrenal NN O
medulla NN O
is VBZ O
depressed JJ O
as RB O
much JJ O
as IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
by IN O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
mM NN O
NH4Ac NNP O
and CC O
KCl NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
contractions NNS O
of IN O
guinea NN O
- HYPH O
pig NN O
ileum NN O
were VBD O
inhibited VBN O
20 CD O
% NN O
by IN O
5 CD O
mM NN O
NH4Ac NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Addition NN O
of IN O
excess JJ O
calcium NN O
reversed VBD O
the DT O
depression NN B-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
tissues NNS O
, , O
but CC O
calcium NN O
- HYPH O
independent JJ O
catecholamine NN O
release NN O
by IN O
acetaldehyde NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
NH4Ac NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
ammonia NN O
blocks VBZ O
calcium NN O
channels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Parallels NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
actions NNS O
of IN O
NH4Ac NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blocker NN O
verapamil NN O
support VBP O
this DT O
concept NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
verapamil NN O
( , O
10 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
NH4Ac NNP O
pretreatment NN O
enhanced VBN O
morphine NN O
analgesia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
and CC O
diazepam NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
muscular JJ O
incoordination NN B-Disease
and CC O
antagonized VBN O
amphetamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
motor NN O
activity NN O
, , O
and CC O
neither CC O
verapamil NN O
nor CC O
NH4Ac NNP O
affected VBD O
the DT O
convulsant JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
metrazol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
hyperammonemia NN B-Disease
exerts VBZ O
a DT O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blocking VBG O
action NN O
which WDT O
enhances VBZ O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
depressants NNS O
and CC O
certain JJ O
opioid JJ O
analgesics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Levodopa NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
and CC O
thalamotomy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Levodopa NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
limbs NNS O
in IN O
thirteen CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
Parkinsonism NNP B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
choreic JJ O
, , O
ballistic JJ O
or CC O
dystonic JJ B-Disease
in IN O
type NN O
, , O
was VBD O
alleviated VBN O
almost RB O
completely RB O
by IN O
stereotaxic JJ O
surgery NN O
using VBG O
a DT O
microelectrode NN O
technique NN O
for IN O
the DT O
ventralis NN O
oralis NN O
anterior NN O
and CC O
posterior NN O
nuclei NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
thalamus NN O
, , O
but CC O
much RB O
less RBR O
by IN O
the DT O
ventralis NN O
intermedius NN O
nucleus NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Control NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
by IN O
thalamic JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
routine JJ O
treatment NN O
of IN O
Parkinsonism NNP B-Disease
is VBZ O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Treatment NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
urothelial JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
by IN O
oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
sodium NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
mercaptoethane NN O
sulphonate NN O
( , O
MESNA NNP O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
inoperable JJ O
lung NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
thiol NN O
compound NN O
sodium NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
mercaptoethane NN O
sulphonate NN O
( -LRB- O
MESNA NNP O
) -RRB- O
against IN O
urothelial JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
ifosfamide NN O
( -LRB- O
IF NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
tested VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
group NN O
of IN O
45 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
inoperable JJ O
lung NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
under IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
IF NNP O
( , O
2250 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
on IN O
days NNS O
2 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
as IN O
part NN O
of IN O
a DT O
polychemotherapy NN O
regimen NN O
repeated VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
cycle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MESNA NNP O
was VBD O
given VBN O
orally RB O
on IN O
the DT O
days NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
IF NNP O
in IN O
3 CD O
doses NNS O
of IN O
840 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
, , O
each DT O
administered VBN O
at IN O
0 CD O
hr NN O
( -LRB- O
= SYM O
injection NN O
of IN O
IF NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
4 CD O
hr NN O
and CC O
8 CD O
hr NN O
p NN O
. . O
i NFP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Out IN O
of IN O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
88 CD O
courses NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
treatment NN O
we PRP O
observed VBD O
10 CD O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
asymptomatic JJ O
microscopic JJ O
haematuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
no DT O
episodes NNS O
of IN O
gross JJ O
haematuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
group NN O
of IN O
45 CD O
patients NNS O
under IN O
protection NN O
with IN O
MESNA NNP O
there EX O
were VBD O
5 CD O
complete JJ O
remissions NNS O
and CC O
9 CD O
partial JJ O
remissions NNS O
( , O
total JJ O
31 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
further JJ O
group NN O
of IN O
25 CD O
patients NNS O
under IN O
polychemotherapy NN O
with IN O
IF NNP O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
by IN O
conventional JJ O
prophylactic JJ O
measures NNS O
( , O
raised VBN O
fluid NN O
intake NN O
and CC O
forced VBN O
diuresis NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
group NN O
there EX O
were VBD O
1 CD O
complete JJ O
and CC O
5 CD O
partial JJ O
remissions NNS O
( , O
total JJ O
24 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
nearly RB O
all DT O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
either CC O
gross JJ O
haematuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
irritation NN I-Disease
( , O
cystitis NN B-Disease
and CC O
pollakisuria NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
appreciable JJ O
differences NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
MESNA NNP O
series NN O
and CC O
the DT O
conventional JJ O
prophylaxis NN O
series NN O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
either CC O
haematological JJ O
or CC O
systemic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
cytostatic JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
support VBP O
the DT O
view NN O
that IN O
MESNA NNP O
, , O
given VBN O
orally RB O
in IN O
conjunction NN O
with IN O
combined VBN O
cytostatic JJ O
regimens NNS O
which WDT O
include VBP O
IF NNP O
, , O
simplifies VBZ O
the DT O
treatment NN O
and CC O
provides VBZ O
optimum JJ O
protection NN O
for IN O
the DT O
urinary JJ O
epithelium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Protection NN O
with IN O
oral JJ O
MESNA NNP O
is VBZ O
particularly RB O
suitable JJ O
for IN O
outpatients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myoclonic JJ B-Disease
, , I-Disease
atonic JJ I-Disease
, , I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
absence NN I-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
following VBG O
institution NN O
of IN O
carbamazepine NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
children NNS O
, , O
aged VBN O
3 CD O
to TO O
11 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
treated VBN O
with IN O
carbamazepine NN O
for IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
had VBD O
an DT O
acute JJ O
aberrant JJ O
reaction NN O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
myoclonic JJ B-Disease
, , I-Disease
atypical JJ I-Disease
absence NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
/ SYM I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
atonic JJ I-Disease
( , I-Disease
minor JJ I-Disease
motor NN I-Disease
) -RRB- I-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
within IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
the DT O
carbamazepine NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
, , O
two CD O
of IN O
the DT O
children NNS O
returned VBD O
to IN O
their PRP$ O
former JJ O
state NN O
very RB O
quickly RB O
, , O
two CD O
had VBD O
the DT O
minor JJ O
motor NN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
resolve VB O
in IN O
3 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
months NNS O
, , O
and CC O
one CD O
had VBD O
the DT O
seizures NNS B-Disease
persist VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
child NN O
in IN O
whom WP O
the DT O
seizures NNS B-Disease
persisted VBD O
was VBD O
later RB O
found VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
ceroid JJ B-Disease
lipofuscinosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
other JJ O
children NNS O
are VBP O
doing VBG O
well RB O
on IN O
other JJ O
anticonvulsants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
prostaglandin JJ O
synthetase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
on IN O
experimentally RB O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
relationship NN O
of IN O
prostaglandins NNS O
( , O
PGs NNS O
) , O
to IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
induction NN O
, , O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
six CD O
PG NN O
synthetase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
on IN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
flurothyl NN O
, , O
picrotoxin NN O
, , O
pentetrazol NN O
( , O
PTZ NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
electroshock NN O
or CC O
bicuculline NN O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ibuprofen NN O
, , O
sulindac NN O
, , O
mefenamic JJ O
acid NN O
, , O
and CC O
low JJ O
dose NN O
meclofenamic JJ O
acid NN O
increased VBD O
the DT O
latency NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
onset NN O
in IN O
the DT O
flurothyl NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
PTZ NN O
models NNS O
; : O
the DT O
electroshock NN O
, , O
picrotoxin NN O
and CC O
bicuculline NN O
models NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
affected VBN O
by IN O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
pretreatment NN O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
PGs NNS O
are VBP O
involved VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
( , O
s NNS O
) , O
underlying VBG O
fluorthyl NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
PTZ NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
picrotoxin NN O
- , O
, , O
electroshock NN O
- HYPH O
, , O
or CC O
bicuculline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
changes NNS O
of IN O
blood NN O
ammonia NN O
may MD O
predict VB O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
valproic JJ O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Valproic NNP O
acid NN O
( : O
VPA NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
given VBN O
to IN O
24 CD O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
already RB O
being VBG O
treated VBN O
with IN O
other JJ O
antiepileptic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
standardized JJ O
loading NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
VPA NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
, , O
and CC O
venous JJ O
blood NN O
was VBD O
sampled VBN O
at IN O
0 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
, , O
and CC O
4 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ammonia NNP O
( : O
NH3 NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
, , O
during IN O
continuous JJ O
therapy NN O
, , O
complained VBD O
of IN O
drowsiness NN B-Disease
( , O
7 CD O
patients NNS O
) , O
than IN O
in IN O
those DT O
who WP O
were VBD O
symptom NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
( : O
17 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
although IN O
VPA NNP O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
By IN O
measuring VBG O
VPA NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
changes NNS O
of IN O
blood NN O
NH3 NNP O
content NN O
, , O
it PRP O
may MD O
be VB O
possible JJ O
to TO O
identify VB O
patients NNS O
at IN O
higher JJR O
risk NN O
of IN O
obtundation NN O
when WRB O
VPA NNP O
is VBZ O
given VBN O
chronically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
captopril NN O
on IN O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
existing VBG O
and CC O
aminonucleoside NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
in IN O
spontaneously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinuria NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
captopril NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
reproducing VBG O
the DT O
same JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
abnormality NN I-Disease
with IN O
captopril NN O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
in IN O
SHR NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
captopril NN O
at IN O
100 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
for IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
failed VBD O
to TO O
aggravate VB O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
pre NN O
- HYPH O
existing VBG O
in IN O
SHR NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Also RB O
, , O
captopril NN O
treatment NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
potentiate VB O
or CC O
facilitate VB O
development NN O
of IN O
massive JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
invoked VBN O
by IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
in IN O
SHR NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Captopril NNP O
had VBD O
little JJ O
or CC O
no DT O
demonstrable JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
serum NN O
electrolyte NN O
concentrations NNS O
, , O
excretion NN O
of IN O
urine NN O
, , O
sodium NN O
and CC O
potassium NN O
, , O
endogenous JJ O
creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
, , O
body NN O
weight NN O
, , O
and CC O
food NN O
and CC O
water NN O
consumption NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
ketone NN O
bodies NNS O
were VBD O
consistently RB O
present JJ O
in IN O
urine NN O
and CC O
several JJ O
lethalities NNS O
occurred VBD O
during IN O
multiple JJ O
dosing NN O
of IN O
captopril NN O
in IN O
SHR NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Complete JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
following VBG O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
trazodone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
receiving VBG O
a DT O
single JJ O
starting VBG O
dose NN O
of IN O
trazodone NN O
, , O
a DT O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
complete JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
case NN O
illustrates VBZ O
that IN O
, , O
despite IN O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
earlier JJR O
studies NNS O
, , O
trazodone NN O
' POS O
s POS O
effect NN O
on IN O
cardiac JJ O
conduction NN O
may MD O
be VB O
severe JJ O
in IN O
individuals NNS O
at IN O
risk NN O
for IN O
conduction NN O
delay NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phenobarbital NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
neurologically RB B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
impaired VBN I-Disease
child NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
child NN O
with IN O
known VBN O
neurologic JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
a DT O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
soon RB O
after IN O
starting VBG O
phenobarbital JJ O
therapy NN O
for IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Known VBN O
causes NNS O
of IN O
movement NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
eliminated VBN O
after IN O
evaluation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
repeat NN O
challenge NN O
with IN O
phenobarbital NN O
, , O
the DT O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
recurred VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phenobarbital NN O
should MD O
be VB O
added VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
list NN O
of IN O
anticonvulsant JJ O
drugs NNS O
that WDT O
can MD O
cause VB O
movement NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
amine JJ O
pretreatment NN O
on IN O
ketamine NN O
catatonia NN B-Disease
in IN O
pinealectomized JJ O
or CC O
hypophysectomized VBN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
studies NNS O
were VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
clarify VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
catecholamines NNS O
and CC O
pineal JJ O
idolamines NNS O
on IN O
ketamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catatonia NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
intact JJ O
, , O
pinealectomized JJ O
or CC O
hypophysectomized JJ O
chick NN O
and CC O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
pinealectomized JJ O
chick NN O
, , O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
dopamine NN O
increased VBD O
the DT O
duration NN O
of IN O
catatonia NN B-Disease
( , O
DOC NNP O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
ketamine NN O
, , O
but CC O
pretreatment NN O
with IN O
norepinephrine NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pineal JJ O
indolamines NNS O
exhibited VBD O
mixed JJ O
actions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serotonin NN O
and CC O
N NN O
- HYPH O
acetyl NN O
serotonin NN O
which WDT O
augmented VBD O
ketamine NN O
DOC NNP O
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
do VB O
so RB O
in IN O
the DT O
absence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pineal JJ O
gland NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
melatonin NN O
potentiated VBD O
the DT O
ketamine NN O
DOC NN O
in IN O
both CC O
the DT O
intact JJ O
and CC O
pinealectomized JJ O
chick NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ketamine NN O
was VBD O
more RBR O
potent JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
hypophysectomized JJ O
chick NN O
and CC O
the DT O
circadian JJ O
rhythm NN O
noted VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
intact JJ O
chick NN O
was VBD O
absent JJ O
; : O
furthermore RB O
, , O
melatonin NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
augment VB O
the DT O
ketamine NN O
DOC NNP O
whereas IN O
dopamine NN O
continued VBD O
to TO O
do VB O
so RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
demonstrate VB O
a DT O
species NN O
difference NN O
regarding VBG O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
the DT O
amines NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
pineal NN O
in IN O
spite NN O
of IN O
the DT O
immature JJ O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
in IN O
the DT O
young JJ O
chick NN O
and CC O
the DT O
intact JJ O
barrier NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
these DT O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
a DT O
direct JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pituitary NN O
in IN O
the DT O
augmentation NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
DOC NNP O
induced VBN O
by IN O
melatonin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
dopamine NN O
appeared VBD O
to TO O
act VB O
on IN O
systems NNS O
more RBR O
closely RB O
involved VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
induction NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
catatonia NN B-Disease
rather RB O
than IN O
directly RB O
on IN O
the DT O
pituitary NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
, , O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sixty CD O
- HYPH O
two CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
are VBP O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
manifestations NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
disorder NN O
include VBP O
hemorrhage NN B-Disease
or CC O
, , O
more RBR O
frequently RB O
, , O
thromboembolic JJ B-Disease
events NNS O
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
heparin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Laboratory NN O
testing NN O
has VBZ O
revealed VBN O
a DT B-Disease
falling VBG I-Disease
platelet NN I-Disease
count NN I-Disease
, , O
increased VBN O
resistance NN O
to IN O
heparin NN O
, , O
and CC O
aggregation NN O
of IN O
platelets NNS O
by IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NN O
plasma NN O
when WRB O
heparin NN O
is VBZ O
added VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunologic JJ O
testing NN O
has VBZ O
demonstrated VBN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
platelet NN O
membrane NN O
antibody NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
20 CD O
deaths NNS O
, , O
52 CD O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
thromboembolic JJ I-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
21 CD O
surgical JJ O
procedures NNS O
to TO O
manage VB O
the DT O
complications NNS O
confirm VBP O
the DT O
seriousness NN O
of IN O
the DT O
disorder NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Specific JJ O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
identified VBN O
; : O
therefore RB O
, , O
all DT O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
heparin NN O
should MD O
be VB O
monitored VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
If IN O
the DT O
platelet NN O
count NN O
falls VBZ O
to IN O
less JJR O
than IN O
100 CD O
, , O
000 CD O
/ SYM O
mm3 CD O
, , O
while IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
is VBZ O
receiving VBG O
heparin NN O
, , O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregation NN I-Disease
testing NN O
, , O
using VBG O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s NN O
plasma NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
indicated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Management NN O
consists VBZ O
of IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
, , O
platelet NN O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
aggregating VBG O
agents NNS O
, , O
and CC O
alternate JJ O
forms NNS O
of IN O
anticoagulation NN O
when WRB O
indicated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
from IN O
diatrizoate NN O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
chelating VBG O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
Renografin NNP O
76 CD O
% NN O
was VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
that DT O
of IN O
Hypaque NNP O
76 CD O
% NN O
by IN O
selective JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
each DT O
into IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
coronary JJ O
artery NN O
of IN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renografin NNP O
contains VBZ O
the DT O
chelating VBG O
agents NNS O
sodium NN O
citrate NN O
and CC O
disodium NN O
edetate NN O
, , O
while IN O
Hypaque NNP O
contains VBZ O
calcium NN O
disodium NN O
edetate NN O
and CC O
no DT O
sodium NN O
citrate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
significantly RB O
more RBR O
often RB O
with IN O
Renografin NNP O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
chelating VBG O
agents NNS O
contribute VBP O
to IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
coronary JJ O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
amiodarone NN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
or CC O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Amiodarone NNP O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
to IN O
154 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
sustained VBN O
, , O
symptomatic JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
( , O
VT NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
118 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
a DT O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
36 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
who WP O
were VBD O
refractory JJ O
to IN O
conventional JJ O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
drugs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
loading NN O
dose NN O
was VBD O
800 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
maintenance NN O
dose NN O
was VBD O
600 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sixty CD O
- HYPH O
nine CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
continued VBD O
treatment NN O
with IN O
amiodarone NN O
and CC O
had VBD O
no DT O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
symptomatic JJ O
VT NN B-Disease
or CC O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
fibrillation NN I-Disease
( , O
VF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
over IN O
a DT O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
6 CD O
to TO O
52 CD O
months NNS O
( , O
mean JJ O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
standard JJ O
deviation NN O
14 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
8 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Six CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
nonfatal JJ O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
VT NNP B-Disease
and CC O
were VBD O
successfully RB O
managed VBN O
by IN O
continuing VBG O
amiodarone NN O
at IN O
a DT O
higher JJR O
dose NN O
or CC O
by IN O
the DT O
addition NN O
of IN O
a DT O
conventional JJ O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
adverse JJ O
drug NN O
reactions NNS O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
51 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
forced VBD O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
in IN O
41 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
amiodarone NN O
in IN O
10 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
symptomatic JJ O
adverse JJ O
reactions NNS O
were VBD O
tremor NN B-Disease
or CC O
ataxia NN B-Disease
( , O
35 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
anorexia NN B-Disease
( : O
8 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
visual JJ B-Disease
halos NNS I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
blurring NN I-Disease
( , O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
thyroid NN B-Disease
function NN I-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
( : O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
pulmonary JJ B-Disease
interstitial JJ I-Disease
infiltrates NNS I-Disease
( : O
5 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
large JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
amiodarone NN O
is VBZ O
highly RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
VT NNP B-Disease
or CC O
VF NNP B-Disease
refractory NN O
to IN O
conventional JJ O
antiarrhythmic JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
causes VBZ O
significant JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
approximately RB O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
when WRB O
the DT O
dose NN O
is VBZ O
adjusted VBN O
based VBN O
on IN O
clinical JJ O
response NN O
or CC O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
75 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
VT NNP B-Disease
or CC O
VF NNP B-Disease
can MD O
be VB O
successfully RB O
managed VBN O
with IN O
amiodarone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Why WRB O
may MD O
epsilon JJ O
- HYPH O
aminocaproic NN O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
EACA NNP O
) -RRB- O
induce VB O
myopathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
man NN O
? . O
null null null-Disease
Report NN O
of IN O
a DT O
case NN O
and CC O
literature NN O
review NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
necrotizing VBG B-Disease
myopathy NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
a DT O
short JJ O
epsilon NN O
- HYPH O
aminocaproic NN O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
EACA NNP O
) -RRB- O
treatment NN O
in IN O
a DT O
72 CD O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
patient NN O
with IN O
subarachnoid NN B-Disease
haemorrhage NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
SAH NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pathogenetic JJ O
hypotheses NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
phenylpropanolamine NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
caffeine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phenylpropanolamine NN O
( , O
PPA NN O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
a DT O
drug NN O
that WDT O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
serious JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
including VBG O
stroke NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
often RB O
combined VBN O
with IN O
caffeine NN O
in IN O
diet NN O
preparations NNS O
and CC O
"""" `` O
look VB O
- HYPH O
alike RB O
"""" '' O
pills NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
order NN O
to TO O
determine VB O
if IN O
PPA NNP O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
can MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
in IN O
normotensive JJ O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
administered VBD O
the DT O
combination NN O
in IN O
six CD O
times NNS O
the DT O
allowed VBN O
human JJ O
dose NN O
calculated VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
per IN O
weight NN O
basis NN O
for IN O
the DT O
rats NNS O
two CD O
times NNS O
per IN O
day NN O
for IN O
five CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subarachnoid NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
cerebral JJ I-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
was VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
18 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
single JJ O
PPA NNP O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
administration NN O
( , O
same JJ O
dose NN O
) -RRB- O
lead VBP O
to IN O
acute JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
in IN O
both CC O
the DT O
normotensive JJ O
and CC O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
PPA NNP O
/ SYM O
caffeine NN O
can MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
hemorrhage NN I-Disease
in IN O
previously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
animals NNS O
when WRB O
administered VBN O
in IN O
greater JJR O
than IN O
the DT O
allowed VBN O
dosage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
acute JJ O
elevation NN O
in IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
contributing VBG O
factor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ B-Disease
papillary NN I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
naproxen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
31 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
, , O
who WP O
had VBD O
previously RB O
been VBN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
sulindac NN O
, , O
fenoprofen NN O
calcium NN O
, , O
high JJ O
dose NN O
salicylates NNS O
and CC O
gold NN O
salts NNS O
, , O
developed VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
papillary NN I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
( , O
RPN NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
4 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
institution NN O
of IN O
naproxen NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
other JJ O
factor NN O
predisposing VBG O
to IN O
RPN NNP B-Disease
could MD O
be VB O
discovered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sulindac NNP O
was VBD O
substituted VBN O
for IN O
naproxen NN O
and CC O
no DT O
further JJ O
adverse JJ O
renal JJ O
effects NNS O
occurred VBD O
over IN O
the DT O
next JJ O
12 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
review VBP O
previous JJ O
reports NNS O
linking VBG O
RPN NNP B-Disease
to IN O
antiinflammatory JJ O
drug NN O
use NN O
and CC O
discuss VB O
possible JJ O
advantages NNS O
of IN O
sulindac NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
experienced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
from IN O
other JJ O
antiinflammatory JJ O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
aminoglycoside NN O
treatment NN O
on IN O
renal JJ O
protein NN O
reabsorption NN O
and CC O
accumulation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
quantify VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
gentamicin NN O
, , O
kanamycin NN O
and CC O
netilmicin NN O
on IN O
renal JJ O
protein NN O
reabsorption NN O
and CC O
accumulation NN O
, , O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
were VBD O
administered VBN O
to IN O
rats NNS O
intraperitoneally RB O
( : O
30 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
for IN O
7 CD O
, , O
14 CD O
or CC O
21 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Scanning VBG O
electron NN O
microscopy NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glomerular JJ O
endothelia NN O
, , O
urinary JJ O
measurements NNS O
of IN O
sodium NN O
, , O
potassium NN O
, , O
endogenous JJ O
lysozyme NN O
, , O
N NN O
- HYPH O
acetyl NN O
- HYPH O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
D NN O
- HYPH O
glucosaminidase NN O
( -LRB- O
NAG NNP O
) -RRB- O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
clearance NN O
and CC O
accumulation NN O
experiments NNS O
after IN O
i LS O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
administration NN O
of IN O
egg NN O
- HYPH O
white JJ O
lysozyme NN O
and CC O
measurements NNS O
of IN O
inulin NN O
clearance NN O
( -LRB- O
GFR NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
done VBN O
in IN O
each DT O
treatment NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Gentamicin NNP O
administration NN O
decreased VBD O
diameter NN O
, , O
density NN O
and CC O
shape NN O
of IN O
endothelial JJ O
fenestrae NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Kanamycin NNP O
and CC O
netilmicin NN O
appeared VBD O
to TO O
have VB O
no DT O
effect NN O
at IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
used VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
three CD O
aminoglycosides NNS O
decreased VBD O
GFR NNP O
and CC O
increased VBD O
urinary JJ O
excretion NN O
of IN O
sodium NN O
and CC O
potassium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
gentamicin NN O
and CC O
kanamycin NN O
decreased VBD O
the DT O
percentage NN O
reabsorption NN O
and CC O
accumulation NN O
of IN O
lysozyme NN O
after IN O
i CD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
administration NN O
of IN O
egg NN O
- HYPH O
white JJ O
lysozyme NN O
netilmicin NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Daily JJ O
excretion NN O
of IN O
total JJ O
protein NN O
, , O
endogenous JJ O
lysozyme NN O
and CC O
NAG NNP O
increased VBD O
only RB O
after IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
kanamycin NN O
and CC O
gentamicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
aminoglycosides NNS O
may MD O
act VB O
as IN O
nephrotoxicants NNS O
at IN O
glomerular JJ O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
tubular JJ O
level NN O
inducing VBG O
impairment NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
reabsorption NN I-Disease
and CC O
accumulation NN O
of IN O
proteins NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Induction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
obstructive JJ B-Disease
sleep NN I-Disease
apnea NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
woman NN O
by IN O
exogenous JJ O
androgen NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
documented VBD O
airway NN O
occlusion NN O
during IN O
sleep NN O
and CC O
an DT O
abnormally RB O
high JJ O
supraglottic JJ O
resistance NN O
while IN O
awake JJ O
in IN O
a DT O
54 CD O
- HYPH O
yr NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
who WP O
had VBD O
developed VBN O
physical JJ O
changes NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
syndrome NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
obstructive JJ I-Disease
sleep NN I-Disease
apnea NN I-Disease
while IN O
being VBG O
administered VBN O
exogenous JJ O
androgens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
the DT O
androgens NNS O
were VBD O
withdrawn VBN O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
physical JJ O
changes NNS O
, , O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
sleep NN O
study NN O
, , O
and CC O
supraglottic JJ O
resistance NN O
all DT O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
rechallenge NN O
with IN O
androgen NN O
produced VBD O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
obstructive JJ B-Disease
sleep NN I-Disease
apnea NN I-Disease
that WDT O
abated VBD O
upon IN O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hormone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Previous JJ O
reports NNS O
have VBP O
favored VBN O
a DT O
role NN O
of IN O
androgens NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
sleep NN B-Disease
apnea NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
report NN O
provides VBZ O
direct JJ O
evidence NN O
for IN O
this DT O
role NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Structural JJ O
and CC O
functional JJ O
measurements NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
androgens NNS O
exert VBP O
a DT O
permissive JJ O
or CC O
necessary JJ O
action NN O
on IN O
the DT O
structural JJ O
configuration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
oropharynx NN O
that WDT O
predisposes VBZ O
to IN O
obstruction NN O
during IN O
sleep NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Development NN O
of IN O
the DT O
obstructive JJ B-Disease
sleep NN I-Disease
apnea NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
must MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
a DT O
possible JJ O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
androgen NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiotoxic JJ B-Disease
and CC O
possible JJ O
leukemogenic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
in IN O
nonhuman JJ O
primates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
10 CD O
monkeys NNS O
( , O
macaques NNS O
) -RRB- O
received VBD O
adriamycin NN O
by IN O
monthly JJ O
intravenous JJ O
injections NNS O
at IN O
12 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
( SYM O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
8 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
10 CD O
monkeys NNS O
developed VBD O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
at IN O
an DT O
average JJ O
cumulative JJ O
adriamycin NN O
dose NN O
( : O
310 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
) -RRB- O
well RB O
below IN O
that DT O
considered VBD O
the DT O
safe JJ O
upper JJ O
limit NN O
( : O
550 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
man NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histologically RB O
, , O
the DT O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
resembled VBD O
those DT O
found VBN O
in IN O
human JJ O
anthracycline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
1 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
10 CD O
monkeys NNS O
developed VBD O
acute JJ B-Disease
myeloblastic JJ I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
after IN O
receiving VBG O
324 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
; : O
the DT O
10th JJ O
monkey NN O
is VBZ O
alive JJ O
and CC O
well JJ O
26 CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
last JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
adriamycin NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
more RBR O
potent JJ O
cardiotoxin NN O
in IN O
monkeys NNS O
than IN O
in IN O
man NN O
, , O
and CC O
that IN O
leukemia NN B-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
consequence NN O
of IN O
prolonged VBN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tricuspid JJ B-Disease
valve NN I-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
and CC O
lithium NN O
carbonate NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
newborn JJ O
infant NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
newborn NN O
with IN O
massive JJ O
tricuspid JJ B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
, , O
atrial JJ B-Disease
flutter NN I-Disease
, , O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
a DT O
high JJ O
serum JJ O
lithium NN O
level NN O
is VBZ O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
the DT O
first JJ O
patient NN O
to TO O
initially RB O
manifest VB O
tricuspid JJ B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
and CC O
atrial JJ B-Disease
flutter NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
11th JJ O
described VBN O
patient NN O
with IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
among IN O
infants NNS O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
lithium NN O
compounds NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
trimester NN O
of IN O
pregnancy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sixty CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
these DT O
infants NNS O
had VBD O
tricuspid JJ O
valve NN O
involvement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lithium NN O
carbonate NN O
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
factor NN O
in IN O
the DT O
increasing VBG O
incidence NN O
of IN O
congenital JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
when WRB O
taken VBN O
during IN O
early JJ O
pregnancy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
also RB O
causes VBZ O
neurologic JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
, , O
cyanosis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrhythmia NN I-Disease
when WRB O
consumed VBN O
prior RB O
to IN O
delivery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
novel NN O
compound NN O
aniracetam NN O
( , O
Ro NNP O
13 CD O
- HYPH O
5057 CD O
) -RRB- O
upon IN O
impaired JJ B-Disease
learning NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
memory NN I-Disease
in IN O
rodents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
aniracetam NN O
( , O
Ro NNP O
13 CD O
- HYPH O
5057 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
anisoyl NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
pyrrolidinone NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
on IN O
various JJ O
forms NNS O
of IN O
experimentally RB O
impaired VBN B-Disease
cognitive JJ I-Disease
functions NNS I-Disease
( , O
learning NN O
and CC O
memory NN O
) , O
in IN O
rodents NNS O
and CC O
produced VBN O
the DT O
following VBG O
effects NNS O
: : O
( : O
1 CD O
) SYM O
almost RB O
complete JJ O
prevention NN O
of IN O
the DT O
incapacity NN O
to TO O
learn VB O
a DT O
discrete JJ O
escape NN O
response NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
exposed VBN O
to IN O
sublethal JJ O
hypercapnia NN B-Disease
immediately RB O
before IN O
the DT O
acquisition NN O
session NN O
; : O
( , O
2 CD O
) SYM O
partial JJ O
( , O
rats NNS O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
complete JJ O
( , O
mice NN O
) -RRB- O
prevention NN O
of IN O
the DT O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
for IN O
a DT O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
task NN O
; : O
( : O
3 CD O
) SYM O
complete JJ O
protection NN O
against IN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
for IN O
a DT O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
task NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
submitted VBN O
to IN O
electroconvulsive JJ O
shock NN O
immediately RB O
after IN O
avoidance NN O
acquisition NN O
; : O
( : O
4 CD O
) SYM O
prevention NN O
of IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
retention NN O
- HYPH O
or CC O
retrieval NN O
- HYPH O
deficit NN O
for IN O
a DT O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
task NN O
induced VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
mice NNS O
by IN O
chloramphenicol NN O
or CC O
cycloheximide NN O
administered VBN O
immediately RB O
after IN O
acquisition NN O
; : O
( : O
5 CD O
) NFP O
reversal NN O
, , O
when WRB O
administered VBN O
as RB O
late RB O
as IN O
1 CD O
h NN O
before IN O
the DT O
retention NN O
test NN O
, , O
of IN O
the DT O
deficit NN O
in IN O
retention NN O
or CC O
retrieval NN O
of IN O
a DT O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
task NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
cycloheximide NN O
injected VBN O
2 CD O
days NNS O
previously RB O
; : O
( : O
6 CD O
) , O
prevention NN O
of IN O
the DT O
deficit NN O
in IN O
the DT O
retrieval NN O
of IN O
an DT O
active JJ O
avoidance NN O
task NN O
induced VBN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
by IN O
subconvulsant JJ O
electroshock NN O
or CC O
hypercapnia NN B-Disease
applied VBN O
immediately RB O
before IN O
retrieval NN O
testing NN O
( : O
24 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
acquisition NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
improvements NNS O
or CC O
normalizations NNS O
of IN O
impaired VBN B-Disease
cognitive JJ I-Disease
functions NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
seen VBN O
at IN O
oral JJ O
aniracetam NN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
10 CD O
- SYM O
100 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Generally RB O
, , O
the DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
response NN O
curves NNS O
were VBD O
bell NN O
- HYPH O
shaped VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanisms NNS O
underlying VBG O
the DT O
activity NN O
of IN O
aniracetam NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
' `` O
therapeutic JJ O
window NN O
' '' O
are VBP O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Piracetam NNP O
, , O
another DT O
pyrrolidinone NN O
derivative NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
for IN O
comparison NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
active JJ O
only RB O
in IN O
six CD O
of IN O
nine CD O
tests NNS O
and CC O
had VBD O
about RB O
one CD O
- HYPH O
tenth NN O
the DT O
potency NN O
of IN O
aniracetam NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
aniracetam NN O
improves VBZ O
cognitive JJ O
functions NNS O
which WDT O
are VBP O
impaired VBN O
by IN O
different JJ O
procedure NN O
and CC O
in IN O
different JJ O
phases NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
learning NN O
and CC O
memory NN O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
on IN O
gross JJ O
behavioural JJ O
changes NNS O
produced VBN O
by IN O
carbachol NN O
and CC O
eserine NN O
in IN O
cats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
injected VBN O
into IN O
the DT O
cerebral JJ O
ventricles NNS O
of IN O
group NN O
- HYPH O
housed VBN O
unanaesthetized JJ O
cats NNS O
upon IN O
vocalization NN O
( , O
rage NN O
, , O
hissing NN O
and CC O
snarling NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
fighting NN O
( , O
attack NN O
with IN O
paws NNS O
and CC O
claws NNS O
, , O
defense NN O
with IN O
paws NNS O
and CC O
claws NNS O
and CC O
biting NN O
) , O
, , O
mydriasis NN B-Disease
, , O
tremor NN B-Disease
and CC O
clonic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
tonic NN I-Disease
convulsions NNS I-Disease
produced VBN O
by IN O
carbachol NN O
and CC O
eserine NN O
injected VBN O
similarly RB O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Calcium NN O
chloride NN O
depressed VBD O
or CC O
almost RB O
completely RB O
abolished VBD O
the DT O
vocalization NN O
and CC O
fighting NN O
due IN O
to IN O
carbachol NN O
and CC O
eserine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
hand NN O
, , O
mydriasis NN B-Disease
, , O
tremor NN B-Disease
and CC O
clonic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
tonic NN I-Disease
convulsions NNS I-Disease
evoked VBN O
by IN O
carbachol NN O
and CC O
eserine NN O
were VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
changed VBN O
by IN O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
apparent JJ O
that IN O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
can MD O
"""" `` O
dissociate VB O
"""" '' O
vocalization NN O
and CC O
fighting VBG O
from IN O
autonomic JJ O
and CC O
motor NN O
phenomena NN O
such JJ O
as IN O
mydriasis NN B-Disease
, , O
tremor NN B-Disease
and CC O
clonic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
tonic NN I-Disease
convulsions NNS I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
carbachol NN O
and CC O
eserine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Calcium NN O
chloride NN O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
vocalization NN O
and CC O
fighting NN O
produced VBN O
by IN O
carbachol NN O
and CC O
eserine NN O
most RBS O
probably RB O
by IN O
a DT O
nonspecific JJ O
stabilizing VBG O
action NN O
on IN O
central JJ O
muscarinic JJ O
cholinoceptive JJ O
sites NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
further RB O
support VBP O
the DT O
view NN O
that IN O
calcium NN O
ions NNS O
in IN O
excess NN O
have VBP O
an DT O
atropine NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
action NN O
also RB O
in IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thiazide NN O
diuretics NNS O
, , O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thiazide NN O
diuretics NNS O
are VBP O
widely RB O
accepted VBN O
as IN O
the DT O
cornerstone NN O
of IN O
antihypertensive JJ O
treatment NN O
programs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hypokalemia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
commonly RB O
encountered VBN O
metabolic JJ O
consequence NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
thiazide NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
treated VBD O
38 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
22 CD O
low JJ O
renin NN O
, , O
16 CD O
normal JJ O
renin NN O
) , O
with IN O
moderate JJ O
diastolic JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
with IN O
hydrochlorothiazide NN O
( -LRB- O
HCTC NNP O
) -RRB- O
administered VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
twice JJ O
daily JJ O
schedule NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Initial JJ O
dose NN O
was VBD O
50 CD O
mg NN O
and CC O
the DT O
dose NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
at IN O
monthly JJ O
intervals NNS O
to IN O
100 CD O
mg NN O
, , O
150 CD O
mg NN O
and CC O
200 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
until IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
normalized VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
serum NN O
K NNP O
during IN O
the DT O
control NN O
period NN O
was VBD O
4 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
mEq NNS O
/ SYM O
l NN O
an CD O
on IN O
50 CD O
, , O
100 CD O
, , O
150 CD O
and CC O
200 CD O
mg NN O
HCTZ NN O
daily RB O
3 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
, , O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
mEq NNS O
/ SYM O
l NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Corresponding VBG O
figures NNS O
for IN O
whole JJ O
body NN O
K NNP O
were VBD O
4107 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
208 CD O
, , O
3722 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
319 CD O
, , O
3628 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
257 CD O
, , O
3551 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
336 CD O
, , O
and CC O
3269 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
380 CD O
mEq NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
13 CD O
patients NNS O
we PRP O
observed VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
HCTZ NNP O
therapy NN O
( : O
100 CD O
mg NN O
daily RB O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
PVC NNP O
' '' O
s NNS O
during IN O
rest NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
during IN O
static JJ O
and CC O
dynamic JJ O
exercise NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
rest NN O
we PRP O
observed VBD O
0 NFP O
. . O
6 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
08 CD O
PVC NN O
beats NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SEM NN O
and CC O
during IN O
static JJ O
and CC O
dynamic JJ O
exercise NN O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
06 CD O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
15 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Corresponding VBG O
figures NNS O
during IN O
HCTZ NNP O
therapy NN O
100 CD O
mg CD O
daily RB O
were VBD O
1 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
and CC O
5 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
4 CD O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
PVC NNP O
' '' O
s NNS O
correlated VBN O
significantly RB O
with IN O
the DT O
fall NN O
in IN O
serum NN O
K NN O
+ CC O
observed VBD O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
72 CD O
, , O
p NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
we PRP O
found VBD O
that IN O
thiazide NN O
diuretics NNS O
cause VBP O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
depletion NN O
of IN O
body NN O
potassium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
more RBR O
profound JJ O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
greater JJR O
the DT O
propensity NN O
for IN O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
PVC NNP O
' '' O
s NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Circulating VBG O
lysosomal JJ O
enzymes NNS O
and CC O
acute JJ B-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
necrosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
activities NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
lysosomal JJ O
enzymes NNS O
acid NN O
and CC O
neutral JJ O
protease NN O
, , O
N NN O
- HYPH O
acetylglucosaminidase NN O
, , O
and CC O
acid NN O
phosphatase NN O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
serum NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
fulminant JJ B-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acid NN O
protease NN O
( -LRB- O
cathepsin NN O
D NN O
) -RRB- O
activity NN O
was VBD O
increased VBN O
about RB O
tenfold RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
died VBD O
and CC O
nearly RB O
fourfold RB O
in IN O
those DT O
who WP O
survived VBD O
fulminant JJ B-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
after IN O
paracetamol NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
, , O
whereas IN O
activities NNS O
were VBD O
increased VBN O
equally RB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
fulminant JJ B-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
viral JJ B-Disease
hepatitis NN I-Disease
whether IN O
or CC O
not RB O
they PRP O
survived VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
correlation NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
between IN O
serum NN O
acid NN O
protease NN O
activity NN O
and CC O
prothrombin NN O
time NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
cathepsin NN O
D NN O
activity NN O
was VBD O
sustained VBN O
over IN O
several JJ O
days NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
aspartate NN O
aminotransferase NN O
, , O
which WDT O
showed VBD O
a DT O
sharp JJ O
early JJ O
peak NN O
and CC O
then RB O
a DT O
fall NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Circulating VBG O
lysosomal JJ O
proteases NNS O
can MD O
damage VB O
other JJ O
organs NNS O
, , O
and CC O
measurement NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
activity NN O
may MD O
therefore RB O
be VB O
of IN O
added VBN O
value NN O
in IN O
assessing VBG O
prognosis NN O
in IN O
this DT O
condition NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatic JJ B-Disease
veno NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
occlusive JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
caused VBN O
by IN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
thioguanine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinically RB O
reversible JJ O
veno NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
occlusive JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
23 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
lymphocytic JJ I-Disease
leukemia NN I-Disease
after IN O
10 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
maintenance NN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
thioguanine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serial JJ O
liver NN O
biopsies NNS O
showed VBD O
the DT O
development NN O
and CC O
resolution NN O
of IN O
intense JJ O
sinusoidal JJ O
engorgement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
this DT O
disease NN O
was VBD O
clinically RB O
reversible JJ O
, , O
some DT O
subintimal JJ O
fibrosis NN B-Disease
about IN O
the DT O
terminal JJ O
hepatic JJ O
veins NNS O
persisted VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
presented VBD O
a DT O
unique JJ O
opportunity NN O
to TO O
observe VB O
the DT O
histologic JJ O
features NNS O
of IN O
clinically RB O
reversible JJ O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
veno NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
occlusive JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
over IN O
time NN O
, , O
and CC O
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
first JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
veno NN O
- HYPH O
occlusive JJ O
related VBN O
solely RB O
to IN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
thioguanine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chlorpropamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
65 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
adult JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
onset NN I-Disease
diabetes NN I-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
chlorpropamide NN O
( , O
Diabenese NNP O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
a DT O
toxic JJ B-Disease
optic NN I-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
that WDT O
resolved VBD O
with IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
chlorpropamide NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Visual JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
occurs VBZ O
in IN O
diabetics NNS B-Disease
for IN O
a DT O
variety NN O
of IN O
reasons NNS O
, , O
and CC O
accurate JJ O
diagnosis NN O
is VBZ O
necessary JJ O
to TO O
institute VB O
appropriate JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
a DT O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
optic JJ B-Disease
neuropathy NN I-Disease
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
differential JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
visual JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
in IN O
diabetics NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
and CC O
urinary JJ O
lipids NNS O
and CC O
lipoproteins NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
by IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
to TO O
ascertain VB O
whether IN O
the DT O
alterations NNS O
of IN O
plasma NN O
lipoproteins NNS O
found VBN O
in IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
were VBD O
due JJ O
to IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
per FW O
se FW O
, , O
or CC O
, , O
at IN O
least JJS O
in IN O
part NN O
, , O
to IN O
the DT O
aminonucleoside NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
plasma NN O
and CC O
urinary JJ O
lipoproteins NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
( SYM O
20 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
for IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
subsequent JJ O
development NN O
of IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
massive JJ O
albuminuria NN B-Disease
occurred VBD O
after IN O
6 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
time NN O
- HYPH O
course NN O
study NN O
was VBD O
divided VBN O
into IN O
two CD O
stages NNS O
: : O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
stage NN O
( , O
day NN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
) SYM O
and CC O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
stage NN O
( , O
day NN O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
11 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
stage NN O
the DT O
plasma NN O
level NN O
of IN O
fatty NN O
acids NNS O
, , O
triacylglycerol NN O
and CC O
VLDL NNP O
decreased VBD O
while IN O
that DT O
of IN O
phospholipid NN O
, , O
cholesteryl NN O
esters NNS O
and CC O
HDL NNP O
remained VBD O
constant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
apolipoprotein NN O
A NN O
- HYPH O
I PRP O
tended VBD O
to TO O
increase VB O
( : O
40 CD O
% NN O
increase NN O
at IN O
day NN O
5 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
beginning NN O
of IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
stage NN O
( , O
day NN O
6 CD O
) , O
the DT O
concentration NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
albumin NN O
dropped VBD O
to IN O
a DT O
very RB O
low JJ O
level NN O
, , O
while IN O
that DT O
of IN O
apolipoprotein NN O
A NNP O
- HYPH O
I PRP O
increased VBD O
abruptly RB O
( : O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
increase NN O
) , O
and CC O
continued VBD O
to TO O
rise VB O
, , O
although IN O
less RBR O
steeply RB O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
plasma NN O
concentration NN O
of IN O
HDL NNP O
followed VBD O
the DT O
same JJ O
pattern NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NNP O
VLDL NNP O
and CC O
LDL NNP O
increased VBD O
at IN O
a DT O
later JJ O
stage NN O
( , O
day NN O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
apolipoprotein NN O
A NN O
- HYPH O
I NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
not RB O
only RB O
in IN O
HDL NNP O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
063 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
210 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
but CC O
also RB O
in IN O
the DT O
LDL NNP O
density NN O
class NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
025 CD O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
050 CD O
g NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
stage NN O
lipoproteinuria NN O
was VBD O
negligible JJ O
, , O
while IN O
in IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
stage NN O
the DT O
urinary JJ O
loss NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
lipoproteins NNS O
consisted VBD O
mainly RB O
of IN O
HDL NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
observations NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
puromycin NN O
aminonucleoside NN O
alters VBZ O
plasma NN O
lipoproteins NNS O
by IN O
lowering VBG O
VLDL NNP O
and CC O
increasing VBG O
HDL NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
likely JJ O
that IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
and CC O
striking JJ O
increase NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
HDL NNP O
found VBN O
in IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
is VBZ O
related VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
direct JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
on IN O
HDL NNP O
metabolism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fatal JJ O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
following VBG O
topical JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
ophthalmic JJ O
chloramphenicol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
73 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
died VBD O
of IN O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
less JJR O
than IN O
two CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
undergoing VBG O
cataract NN B-Disease
extraction NN O
and CC O
beginning VBG O
topical JJ O
therapy NN O
with IN O
chloramphenicol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
first JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
pancytopenia NN B-Disease
began VBD O
within IN O
one CD O
month NN O
of IN O
the DT O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pattern NN O
of IN O
the DT O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
idiosyncratic JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
chloramphenicol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
the DT O
second JJ O
report NN O
of IN O
fatal JJ O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
after IN O
topical JJ O
treatment NN O
with IN O
chloramphenicol NN O
for IN O
ocular JJ O
conditions NNS O
, , O
although IN O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
reversible JJ O
bone NN B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
hypoplasia NN I-Disease
have VBP O
also RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Any DT O
other JJ O
suspected VBN O
cases NNS O
of IN O
ocular JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
topically RB O
applied VBN O
chloramphenicol NN O
should MD O
be VB O
reported VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
National NNP O
Registry NNP O
of IN O
Drug NNP O
- HYPH O
Induced NNP O
Ocular NNP O
Side NNP O
Effects NNPS O
, , O
Oregon NNP O
Health NNP O
Sciences NNPS O
University NNP O
, , O
Portland NNP O
, , O
OR NNP O
97201 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Midazolam NNP O
compared VBN O
with IN O
thiopentone NN O
as IN O
an DT O
induction NN O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
patients NNS O
premedicated VBN O
with IN O
scopolamine NN O
+ CC O
morphine NN O
( : O
+ SYM O
5 CD O
mg NN O
nitrazepam NN O
the DT O
evening NN O
before IN O
surgery NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
sleep NN O
- HYPH O
inducing VBG O
effect NN O
of IN O
midazolam NN O
0 CD O
. . O
15 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
was VBD O
clearly RB O
slower JJR O
in IN O
onset NN O
than IN O
that DT O
of IN O
thiopentone NN O
4 CD O
. . O
67 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
Somewhat RB O
fewer JJR O
cardiovascular JJ O
and CC O
local JJ O
sequelae NN O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
midazolam NN O
group NN O
, , O
but CC O
, , O
although IN O
apnoea NNP B-Disease
occurred VBD O
less RBR O
often RB O
in IN O
the DT O
midazolam NN O
group NN O
it PRP O
lasted VBD O
longer RBR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
whole NN O
, , O
the DT O
differences NNS O
between IN O
midazolam NN O
and CC O
thiopentone NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
apparent JJ O
clinical JJ O
consequences NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Midazolam NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
new JJ O
alternative JJ O
agent NN O
for IN O
induction NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
and CC O
oral JJ O
haloperidol NN O
: : O
an DT O
analysis NN O
of IN O
explanatory JJ O
patient NN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
characteristics NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
( -LRB- O
EPS NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
98 CD O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
haloperidol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
was VBD O
higher JJR O
at IN O
higher JJR O
doses NNS O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
and CC O
in IN O
younger JJR O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prophylactic JJ O
antiparkinsonian JJ O
medication NN O
was VBD O
effective JJ O
in IN O
younger JJR O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
older JJR O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
these DT O
medications NNS O
were VBD O
more RBR O
effective JJ O
in IN O
both CC O
young JJ O
and CC O
old JJ O
patients NNS O
when WRB O
given VBN O
after IN O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
developed VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Akathisia NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
controlled VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
benzodiazepine NN O
lorazepam NN O
in IN O
14 CD O
out IN O
of IN O
16 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
while IN O
prophylactic JJ O
antiparkinsonians NNS O
were VBD O
ineffective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
points VBZ O
to IN O
patient JJ O
characteristics NNS O
that WDT O
may MD O
be VB O
of IN O
significance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
EPS NNP O
due IN O
to IN O
haloperidol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Deaths NNS O
from IN O
local JJ O
anesthetic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Median JJ O
convulsant NN O
( -LRB- O
CD50 NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
median JJ O
lethal JJ O
( -LRB- O
LD50 NNP O
) -RRB- O
doses NNS O
of IN O
three CD O
representative JJ O
local JJ O
anesthetics NNS O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
in IN O
adult NN O
mice NNS O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
threat NN O
to IN O
life NN O
of IN O
local JJ O
anesthetic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
CD50 NNP O
and CC O
LD50 NNP O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
were VBD O
57 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
and CC O
58 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
for IN O
bupivacaine NN O
, , O
111 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
and CC O
133 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
for IN O
lidocaine NN O
, , O
and CC O
243 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
and CC O
266 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
for IN O
chloroprocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
given VBN O
intraperitoneally RB O
, , O
bupivacaine NN O
thus RB O
was VBD O
only RB O
about RB O
twice RB O
as RB O
toxic JJ O
as IN O
lidocaine NN O
and CC O
four CD O
times NNS O
as RB O
toxic JJ O
as IN O
chloroprocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Convulsions NNS B-Disease
always RB O
preceded VBD O
death NN O
, , O
except IN O
after IN O
precipitous JJ O
cardiopulmonary JJ B-Disease
arrest NN I-Disease
from IN O
extreme JJ O
doses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
CD50 NNP O
dose NN O
of IN O
local JJ O
anesthetic NN O
( , O
causing VBG O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
in IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
mice NNS O
) , O
was VBD O
fatal JJ O
in IN O
90 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
bupivacaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
in IN O
57 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
chloroprocaine NN O
group NN O
, , O
and CC O
in IN O
6 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
lidocaine NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
narrow JJ O
gap NN O
between IN O
convulsant JJ O
and CC O
lethal JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
local JJ O
anesthetics NNS O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
untreated JJ O
convulsions NNS B-Disease
present VBP O
much RB O
more JJR O
of IN O
a DT O
threat NN O
to IN O
life NN O
than IN O
heretofore RB O
appreciated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
REM NN B-Disease
sleep NN I-Disease
deprivation NN I-Disease
changes VBZ O
behavioral JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
catecholaminergic JJ O
and CC O
serotonergic JJ O
receptor NN O
activation NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
REM NNP B-Disease
sleep NN I-Disease
deprivation NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
REMD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
on IN O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
aggressiveness NN B-Disease
and CC O
quipazine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
head NN B-Disease
twitches NNS I-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
eight CD O
hr NN O
of IN O
REMD NN B-Disease
increased VBD O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
aggressiveness NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
reduced VBN O
( , O
immediately RB O
after IN O
completing VBG O
of IN O
REMD NNP B-Disease
) , O
or CC O
increased VBN O
( SYM O
96 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
completing NN O
of IN O
REMD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
quipazine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
head NN B-Disease
twitches NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Results NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
similarity NN O
to IN O
pharmacological JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
other JJ O
antidepressive JJ O
treatments NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fatal JJ O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
indomethacin NN O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
lymphocyte NN O
transformation NN O
tests NNS O
in IN O
vitro NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
indomethacin NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
possible JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
on IN O
the DT O
basis NN O
of IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
clinical JJ O
observations NNS O
, , O
its PRP$ O
role NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
definitely RB O
established VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
fatal JJ O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
described VBN O
in IN O
which WDT O
no DT O
drugs NNS O
other JJ O
than IN O
allopurinol NN O
and CC O
indomethacin NN O
were VBD O
given VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Indomethacin NN O
was VBD O
first RB O
given VBN O
four CD O
weeks NNS O
prior RB O
to IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
positive JJ O
lymphocyte NN O
transformation NN O
test NN O
with IN O
indomethacin NN O
in IN O
vitro FW O
further RB O
substantiates VBZ O
the DT O
potential JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
in IN O
causing VBG O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
susceptible JJ O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fortunately RB O
, , O
this DT O
seems VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
very RB O
rare JJ O
complication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dose NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
and CC O
structure NN O
- HYPH O
function NN O
relationships NNS O
in IN O
doxorubicin NN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
CM NNP B-Disease
) , O
produced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
anticancer JJ O
drug NN O
doxorubicin NN O
( -LRB- O
DXR NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
Adriamycin NNP O
) -RRB- O
provides VBZ O
a DT O
unique JJ O
opportunity NN O
to TO O
analyze VB O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
and CC O
structure NN O
- HYPH O
function NN O
relationships NNS O
during IN O
development NN O
of IN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
measured VBD O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
morphologic JJ O
damage NN O
by IN O
ultrastructural JJ O
examination NN O
of IN O
endomyocardial JJ O
biopsy NN O
and CC O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
performance NN O
abnormally RB O
by IN O
right JJ O
heart NN O
catheterization NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
DXR NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Morphologic JJ O
damage NN O
was VBD O
variable JJ O
but CC O
was VBD O
proportional JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
cumulative JJ O
DXR NNP O
dose NN O
between IN O
100 CD O
and CC O
600 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Performance NN O
abnormalities NNS O
correlated VBD O
weakly RB O
with IN O
dose NN O
, , O
exhibited VBD O
a DT O
curvilinear JJ O
relationship NN O
, , O
and CC O
had VBD O
a DT O
"""" `` O
threshold NN O
"""" '' O
for IN O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Catheterization NN O
abnormalities NNS O
correlated VBD O
well RB O
with IN O
morphologic JJ O
damage NN O
( , O
r NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
57 CD O
to TO O
0 CD O
. SYM O
78 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
a DT O
subgroup NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
whom WP O
exercise NN O
hemodynamics NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
, , O
and CC O
this DT O
relationship NN O
also RB O
exhibited VBD O
a DT O
curvilinear JJ O
, , O
threshold NN O
configuration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
DXR NNP O
- HYPH O
CM NN B-Disease
myocardial JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
proportional JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
degree NN O
of IN O
cytotoxic JJ O
insult NN O
( , O
DXR NN O
dose NN O
) , O
while IN O
myocardial JJ O
function NN O
is VBZ O
preserved VBN O
until IN O
a DT O
critical JJ O
dose NN O
or CC O
degree NN O
of IN O
damage NN O
is VBZ O
reached VBN O
, , O
after IN O
which WDT O
myocardial JJ O
performance NN O
deteriorates VBZ O
rapidly RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Massive JJ O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
fulminant JJ O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
acetaminophen NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
: : O
possible JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
cranial JJ O
decompression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cerebral JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
may MD O
complicate VB O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
fulminant JJ B-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Response NN O
to IN O
conventional JJ O
therapy NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
disappointing JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
present VBP O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
fatal JJ O
acetaminophen NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
fulminant JJ B-Disease
hepatic JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
with IN O
signs NNS O
and CC O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
, , O
unresponsive JJ O
to IN O
conventional JJ O
medical JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cranial JJ O
decompression NN O
was VBD O
carried VBN O
out RP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
justification NN O
of IN O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
further JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
cranial JJ O
decompression NN O
in IN O
such JJ O
patients NNS O
is VBZ O
presented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subjective JJ O
assessment NN O
of IN O
sexual JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
of IN O
patients NNS O
on IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
administration NN O
of IN O
digoxin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Various JJ O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
male JJ O
patients NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
received VBN O
digoxin NN O
on IN O
a DT O
longterm JJ O
basis NN O
have VBP O
increased VBN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
serum NN O
estrogen NN O
and CC O
decreased VBN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
plasma NN O
testosterone NN O
and CC O
luteinizing VBG O
hormone NN O
( -LRB- O
LH NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
undertaken VBN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
links NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
administration NN O
of IN O
digoxin NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
sexual JJ O
behavior NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
digoxin NN O
on IN O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
estradiol NN O
, , O
testosterone NN O
, , O
and CC O
LH NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patients NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
and CC O
control NN O
group NN O
( , O
without IN O
digoxin NN O
) , O
were VBD O
of IN O
similar JJ O
cardiac JJ O
functional JJ O
capacity NN O
and CC O
age NN O
( : O
25 CD O
- SYM O
40 CD O
years NNS O
) , O
and CC O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
selected VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
rheumatic JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
subjective JJ O
assessment NN O
of IN O
sexual JJ O
behavior NN O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
and CC O
control NN O
groups NNS O
was VBD O
carried VBN O
out RP O
, , O
using VBG O
parameters NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
sexual JJ O
desire NN O
, , O
sexual JJ O
excitement NN O
, , O
and CC O
frequency NN O
of IN O
sexual JJ O
relations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Personal JJ O
interviews NNS O
and CC O
a DT O
questionnaire NN O
were VBD O
also RB O
used VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
sexual JJ O
behavior NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
findings NNS O
support VBP O
the DT O
reports NNS O
concerning VBG O
digoxin NN O
effect NN O
on IN O
plasma NN O
estradiol NN O
, , O
testosterone NN O
, , O
and CC O
LH NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
differences NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
means NNS O
were VBD O
significant JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tests NNS O
used VBN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
sexual JJ O
behavior NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
decrease NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
sexual JJ I-Disease
desire NN I-Disease
, , O
sexual JJ O
excitement NN O
phase NN O
( , O
erection NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
frequency NN O
of IN O
sexual JJ O
relations NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Endometrial JJ B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
after IN O
Hodgkin NNP B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
childhood NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
34 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
metastic JJ O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
after IN O
Hodgkin NNP B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
in IN O
childhood NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
had VBD O
ovarian JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
after IN O
abdominal JJ O
irradiation NN O
and CC O
chemotherapy NN O
for IN O
Hodgkin NNP B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
received VBD O
exogenous JJ O
estrogens NNS O
, , O
a DT O
treatment NN O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
in IN O
menopausal JJ O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Young JJ O
women NNS O
on IN O
replacement NN O
estrogens NNS O
for IN O
ovarian JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
after IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
therapy NN O
may MD O
also RB O
have VB O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
and CC O
should MD O
be VB O
examined VBN O
periodically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
and CC O
the DT O
kidney NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Interim JJ O
report NN O
on IN O
fifty CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
is VBZ O
a DT O
report NN O
on IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
part NN O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
on IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Creatinine NN O
clearance NN O
, , O
maximum JJ O
urinary JJ O
osmolality NN O
and CC O
24 CD O
hour NN O
urine NN O
volume NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
tested VBN O
in IN O
50 CD O
affectively RB O
ill JJ O
patients NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
been VBN O
on IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
lithium NN O
for IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
one CD O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
norms NNS O
and CC O
with IN O
values NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
tests NNS O
from IN O
screening NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
lithium NN O
, , O
available JJ O
for IN O
most JJS O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
evidence NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
for IN O
any DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
during IN O
lithium NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Low JJ O
clearance NN O
values NNS O
found VBN O
in IN O
several JJ O
patients NNS O
could MD O
be VB O
accounted VBN O
for IN O
by IN O
their PRP$ O
age NN O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
lithium NN O
values NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Urinary JJ O
concentration NN O
defect NN O
appeared VBD O
frequent JJ O
but CC O
the DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
the DT O
impairment NN O
is VBZ O
difficult JJ O
to TO O
assess VB O
because IN O
of IN O
the DT O
uncertainty NN O
about IN O
the DT O
norms NNS O
applicable JJ O
to IN O
this DT O
group NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
concentration NN O
defect NN O
appeared VBD O
reversible JJ O
, , O
at IN O
least JJS O
in IN O
part NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Polyuria NNP B-Disease
above IN O
3 CD O
litres NNS O
/ SYM O
24 CD O
hours NNS O
was VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
10 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
attempt NN O
is VBZ O
made VBN O
to TO O
draw VB O
practical JJ O
conclusions NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
preliminary JJ O
findings NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
cyclosporin NN O
A NN O
and CC O
FK506 NN O
: : O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
calcineurin NN O
phosphatase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cyclosporin NNP O
A NNP O
( , O
CsA NNP O
; : O
50 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
Fujimycine NNP O
( , O
FK506 CD O
; : O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
the DT O
related JJ O
macrolide NN O
immunosuppressant JJ O
rapamycin NN O
( , O
5 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
caused VBD O
a DT O
reduction NN O
of IN O
glomerular JJ O
filtration NN O
rate NN O
, , O
degenerative JJ O
changes NNS O
of IN O
proximal JJ O
tubular JJ O
epithelium NN O
, , O
and CC O
hypertrophy NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
juxtaglomerular JJ O
apparatus NN O
in IN O
male JJ O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
when WRB O
given VBN O
for IN O
10 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
molecular JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
CsA NNP O
and CC O
FK506 NNP O
toxicity NN B-Disease
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cyclophilin NN O
A NN O
and CC O
FK506 NN O
- HYPH O
binding VBG O
protein NN O
, , O
the DT O
main JJ O
intracytoplasmic JJ O
receptors NNS O
for IN O
CsA NNP O
and CC O
FK506 NNP O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
were VBD O
each DT O
detected VBN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
tissue NN O
extract NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
kidney NN O
, , O
high JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
immunoreactive JJ O
and CC O
enzymatically RB O
active JJ O
calcineurin NN O
were VBD O
found VBN O
which WDT O
were VBD O
inhibited VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
immunosuppressants NNS O
CsA NNP O
and CC O
FK506 NNP O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
by IN O
rapamycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
specific JJ O
immunophilin NN O
- HYPH O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
calcineurin NN O
complexes NNS O
formed VBD O
only RB O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
CsA NNP O
and CC O
FK506 NNP O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
rapamycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
nephrotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
CsA NNP O
and CC O
FK506 NNP O
is VBZ O
likely RB O
mediated VBN O
through IN O
binding NN O
to IN O
renal JJ O
immunophilin NN O
and CC O
inhibiting VBG O
calcineurin NN O
phosphatase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
high JJ O
dose NN O
carboplatin NN O
chemotherapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carboplatin NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
to TO O
cause VB O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
when WRB O
administered VBN O
in IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
to IN O
adult NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
4 CD O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
girl NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
carboplatin NN O
for IN O
metastatic JJ O
parameningeal JJ O
embryonal JJ B-Disease
rhabdomyosarcoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
developed VBN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
slow JJ O
partial JJ O
recovery NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
contributing VBG O
factors NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
evaluation NN O
on IN O
combined VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
prostacyclin NN O
analogue NN O
beraprost NN O
and CC O
phosphodiesterase NN O
inhibitor NN O
cilostazol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Among IN O
various JJ O
oral JJ O
antiplatelets NNS O
, , O
a DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
a DT O
novel JJ O
prostacyclin NN O
analogue NN O
beraprost NN O
( , O
BPT NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
potent JJ O
phosphodiesterase NN O
inhibitor NN O
cilostazol NN O
( -LRB- O
CLZ NNP O
) -RRB- O
may MD O
result VB O
in IN O
untoward JJ O
clinical JJ O
effects NNS O
due IN O
to IN O
possible JJ O
synergistic JJ O
elevation NN O
of IN O
intracellular JJ O
cAMP NN O
( -LRB- O
cyclic JJ O
adenosine NN O
3 CD O
' '' O
, , O
5 CD O
' '' O
- HYPH O
monophosphate NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thereby RB O
, , O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
combined VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
the DT O
two CD O
agents NNS O
was VBD O
attempted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twelve CD O
healthy JJ O
volunteers NNS O
were VBD O
assigned VBN O
to TO O
take VB O
BPT NNP O
/ SYM O
CLZ NNP O
in IN O
the DT O
following JJ O
schedule NN O
; : O
BPT NNP O
: : O
40 CD O
micrograms NNS O
at IN O
day NN O
1 CD O
and CC O
120 CD O
micrograms NNS O
t NN O
. . O
i LS O
. . O
d LS O
. . O
from IN O
day NN O
7 CD O
to IN O
14 CD O
, , O
CLZ NN O
: : O
200 CD O
mg NN O
t NN O
. . O
i LS O
. . O
d LS O
. . O
from IN O
day NN O
3 CD O
to IN O
14 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
various JJ O
time NN O
intervals NNS O
, , O
physical JJ O
examination NN O
and CC O
blood NN O
collection NN O
for IN O
ex FW O
vivo NN O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregation NN I-Disease
and CC O
determination NN O
of IN O
intraplatelet JJ O
cAMP NN O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Throughout IN O
the DT O
observation NN O
period NN O
, , O
no DT O
significant JJ O
alteration NN O
in IN O
vital JJ O
signs NNS O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seven CD O
out IN O
of IN O
12 CD O
subjects NNS O
experienced VBD O
headache NN B-Disease
of IN O
a DT O
short JJ O
duration NN O
accompanying VBG O
facial JJ B-Disease
flush NN I-Disease
in IN O
one CD O
and CC O
nausea NN B-Disease
in IN O
one CD O
, , O
especially RB O
after IN O
ingestion NN O
of IN O
CLZ NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
of IN O
these DT O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
probably RB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
vasodilating VBG O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
two CD O
agents NNS O
, , O
were VBD O
of IN O
mild JJ O
degree NN O
and CC O
no DT O
special JJ O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
required VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intraplatelet NNP O
cAMP NNP O
content NN O
was VBD O
gradually RB O
but CC O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
to IN O
9 CD O
. . O
84 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
. . O
59 CD O
pmol NN O
per IN O
10 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
) SYM O
platelets NNS O
at IN O
day NN O
14 CD O
in IN O
comparison NN O
with IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
value NN O
( : O
6 CD O
. . O
87 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
pmol NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
platelet NN O
aggregability NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
suppressed VBN O
at IN O
various JJ O
time NN O
intervals NNS O
but CC O
no DT O
additive JJ O
or CC O
synergistic JJ O
inhibitory JJ O
effect NN O
by IN O
the DT O
combined VBN O
administration NN O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
the DT O
combined VBN O
administration NN O
of IN O
BPT NNP O
/ SYM O
CLZ NNP O
is VBZ O
safe JJ O
at IN O
doses NNS O
used VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
, , O
though IN O
the DT O
beneficial JJ O
clinical JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
the DT O
combined VBN O
administration NN O
has VBZ O
yet RB O
to TO O
be VB O
elucidated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pravastatin NNP O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Report NN O
of IN O
a DT O
case NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
inflammatory JJ B-Disease
myopathy NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
pravastatin NN O
, , O
a DT O
new JJ O
hydrophilic JJ O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
methylglutaril NN O
coenzyme NN O
A NN O
reductase NN O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
, , O
a DT O
69 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
was VBD O
affected VBN O
by IN O
non JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
insulin NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
dependent JJ I-Disease
diabetes NN I-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
and CC O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
assumed VBD O
pravastatin NN O
( , O
20 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
because IN O
of IN O
hypercholesterolemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
was VBD O
admitted VBN O
with IN O
acute JJ O
myopathy NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
lower JJR O
limbs NNS O
which WDT O
resolved VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
days NNS O
after IN O
pravastatin NN O
discontinuation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
previously RB O
unknown JJ O
hypothyroidism NN B-Disease
, , O
probably RB O
due JJ O
to IN O
chronic JJ O
autoimmune JJ B-Disease
thyroiditis NN I-Disease
, , O
was VBD O
evidenced VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Muscle NN O
biopsy NN O
( , O
left JJ O
gastrocnemius NN O
) -RRB- O
revealed VBD O
a DT O
perimysial JJ O
and CC O
endomysial JJ O
inflammatory JJ O
infiltrate NN O
with IN O
a DT O
prevalence NN O
of IN O
CD4 NNP O
+ CC O
lymphocytes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
lovastatin NN O
and CC O
simvastatin NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
toxic JJ O
myopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
pravastatin NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
myopathy NN B-Disease
could MD O
represent VB O
a DT O
distinct JJ O
, , O
inflammatory JJ O
entity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Reversal NN O
of IN O
ammonia NN O
coma NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
by IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
: : O
a DT O
peripheral JJ O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ammonia NN O
coma NN B-Disease
was VBD O
produced VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
within IN O
10 CD O
to TO O
15 CD O
minutes NNS O
of IN O
an DT O
intraperitonealinjection NN O
of IN O
1 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
mmol NN O
NH4CL NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
coma NN B-Disease
was VBD O
prevented VBN O
with IN O
1 CD O
. . O
68 CD O
mmol NN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
given VBN O
by IN O
gastric JJ O
intubation NN O
15 CD O
minutes NNS O
before IN O
the DT O
ammonium NN O
salt NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
was VBD O
correlated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
blood NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
ammonia NN O
, , O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
brain NN O
dopamine NN O
, , O
and CC O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
excretion NN O
of IN O
ammonia NN O
and CC O
urea NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intraventricular JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
sufficient JJ O
to TO O
raise VB O
the DT O
brain NN O
dopamine NN O
to IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
extent NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
prevent VB O
the DT O
ammonia NN O
coma NN B-Disease
nor CC O
affect VB O
the DT O
blood NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
ammonia NN O
concentrations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bilateral JJ O
nephrectomy NN O
eliminated VBD O
the DT O
beneficial JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NN O
on IN O
blood NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
ammonia NN O
and CC O
the DT O
ammonia NN O
coma NN B-Disease
was VBD O
not RB O
prevented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
the DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
blood NN O
and CC O
brain NN O
ammonia NN O
and CC O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
ammonia NN O
coma NN B-Disease
after IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
, , O
can MD O
be VB O
accounted VBN O
for IN O
by IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
on IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
rather RB O
than IN O
its PRP$ O
central JJ O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
provide VBP O
a DT O
reasonable JJ O
explanation NN O
for IN O
the DT O
beneficial JJ O
effects NNS O
observed VBN O
in IN O
some DT O
encephalopathic JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Etoposide NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
myocardial JJ B-Disease
infarction NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
reported VBN O
after IN O
chemotherapy NN O
containing VBG O
etoposide NN O
, , O
in IN O
a DT O
man NN O
with IN O
no DT O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
for IN O
coronary JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Possible JJ O
causal JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Halogenated JJ O
anesthetics NNS O
form VBP O
liver NN O
adducts NNS O
and CC O
antigens NNS O
that WDT O
cross VBP O
- HYPH O
react VBP O
with IN O
halothane NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
antibodies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
halogenated JJ O
anesthetics NNS O
, , O
enflurane NN O
and CC O
isoflurane NN O
, , O
have VBP O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
allergic JJ O
- HYPH O
type NN O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
both CC O
alone RB O
and CC O
following VBG O
previous JJ O
exposure NN O
to IN O
halothane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Halothane NNP O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
appears VBZ O
to TO O
involve VB O
an DT O
aberrant JJ O
immune JJ O
response NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
antibody NN O
response NN O
to IN O
a DT O
protein NN O
- HYPH O
bound VBN O
biotransformation NN O
product NN O
( HYPH O
trifluoroacetyl NN O
adduct NN O
) , O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
detected VBN O
on IN O
halothane NN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
cross JJ O
- HYPH O
reactivity NN O
between IN O
enflurane NN O
and CC O
isoflurane NN O
with IN O
the DT O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
halothane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
subcellular JJ O
and CC O
lobular JJ O
production NN O
of IN O
hepatic JJ O
neoantigens NNS O
recognized VBN O
by IN O
halothane NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
antibodies NNS O
following VBG O
enflurane NN O
and CC O
isoflurane NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
biochemical JJ O
nature NN O
of IN O
these DT O
neoantigens NNS O
was VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
animal NN O
models NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Enflurane NNP O
administration NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
neoantigens NNS O
detected VBN O
in IN O
both CC O
the DT O
microsomal NN O
and CC O
cytosolic JJ O
fraction NN O
of IN O
liver NN O
homogenates NNS O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
centrilobular JJ O
region NN O
of IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
liver NN O
, , O
biochemical JJ O
analysis NN O
detected VBD O
fluorinated JJ O
liver NN O
adducts NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
up IN O
to TO O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
greater JJR O
in IN O
guinea NN O
pigs NNS O
than IN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
supports VBZ O
and CC O
extends VBZ O
previous JJ O
evidence NN O
for IN O
a DT O
mechanism NN O
by IN O
which WDT O
enflurane NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
isoflurane NN O
could MD O
produce VB O
a DT O
hypersensitivity NN B-Disease
condition NN O
similar JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
of IN O
halothane NN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
either CC O
alone RB O
or CC O
subsequent JJ O
to IN O
halothane NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
guinea NN O
pig NN O
would MD O
appear VB O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
useful JJ O
model NN O
for IN O
further JJ O
investigations NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
immunological JJ O
response NN O
to IN O
these DT O
antigens NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cholinergic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
resulting VBG O
from IN O
ocular JJ O
instillation NN O
of IN O
echothiophate NN O
iodide NN O
eye NN O
drops VBZ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
a DT O
severe JJ O
cholinergic JJ O
syndrome NN O
from IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
echothiophate NN O
iodide NN O
ophthalmic JJ O
drops NNS O
, , O
presented VBN O
with IN O
profound JJ O
muscle NN B-Disease
weakness NN I-Disease
and CC O
was VBD O
initially RB O
given VBN O
the DT O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
myasthenia NN B-Disease
gravis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Red JJ O
blood NN O
cell NN O
and CC O
serum NN O
cholinesterase NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
severely RB O
depressed JJ O
and CC O
symptoms NNS O
resolved VBN O
spontaneously RB O
following VBG O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
eye NN O
drops NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizure NN B-Disease
after IN O
flumazenil NN O
administration NN O
in IN O
a DT O
pediatric JJ O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Flumazenil NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
benzodiazepine NN O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
used VBN O
to TO O
reverse VB O
sedation NN O
and CC O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
depression NN I-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
benzodiazepines NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
have VBP O
complicated VBN O
its PRP$ O
use NN O
in IN O
adult NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Overdose NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
coingested VBN O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressants NNS O
have VBP O
a DT O
higher JJR O
risk NN O
of IN O
these DT O
complications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Little JJ O
information NN O
exists VBZ O
concerning VBG O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
flumazenil NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
generalized JJ O
tonic NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
clonic JJ I-Disease
seizure NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
pediatric JJ O
patient NN O
following VBG O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
flumazenil NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Phase NN O
I NN O
trial NN O
of IN O
13 CD O
- HYPH O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
retinoic NN O
acid NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
with IN O
neuroblastoma NN B-Disease
following VBG O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
Treatment NN O
of IN O
neuroblastoma NN B-Disease
cell NN O
lines NNS O
with IN O
13 CD O
- HYPH O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
retinoic JJ O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
RA NN O
) -RRB- O
can MD O
cause VB O
sustained JJ O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
proliferation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
RA NNP O
has VBZ O
demonstrated VBN O
clinical JJ O
responses NNS O
in IN O
neuroblastoma NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
it PRP O
may MD O
be VB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
preventing VBG O
relapse NN O
after IN O
cytotoxic JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
phase NN O
I PRP O
trial NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
maximal JJ O
- HYPH O
tolerated VBN O
dosage NN O
( , O
MTD NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
pharmacokinetics NNS O
of IN O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
RA NN O
administered VBN O
on IN O
an DT O
intermittent JJ O
schedule NN O
in IN O
children NNS O
with IN O
neuroblastoma NN B-Disease
following VBG O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplantation NN O
( , O
BMT NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Fifty CD O
- HYPH O
one CD O
assessable JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
2 CD O
to TO O
12 CD O
years NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
, , O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
oral JJ O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
RA NN O
administered VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
equally RB O
divided VBN O
doses NNS O
daily RB O
for IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
followed VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
rest NN O
period NN O
, , O
for IN O
up IN O
to TO O
12 CD O
courses NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dose NN O
was VBD O
escalated VBN O
from IN O
100 CD O
to IN O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
d CD O
until IN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
toxicity NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
DLT NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
single JJ O
intrapatient JJ O
dose NN O
escalation NN O
was VBD O
permitted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
MTD NNP O
of IN O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
RA NNP O
was VBD O
160 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
d NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dose NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
in IN O
six CD O
of IN O
nine CD O
patients NNS O
at IN O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
d CD O
included VBD O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
rash NN B-Disease
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
anemia NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
emesis NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
rash NN B-Disease
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
resolved VBN O
after IN O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
RA NNP O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
complete JJ O
responses NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
marrow NN O
metastases NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
7 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mumol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
( HYPH O
peak NN O
) NFP O
and CC O
4 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mumol NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
( HYPH O
trough NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
the DT O
MTD NNP O
were VBD O
maintained VBN O
during IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
DLT NNP O
correlated VBD O
with IN O
serum JJ O
levels NNS O
> : O
or CC O
= SYM O
10 CD O
mumol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
MTD NNP O
of IN O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
RA NN O
given VBN O
on IN O
this DT O
intermittent JJ O
schedule NN O
was VBD O
160 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
/ SYM O
d NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NN O
levels NNS O
known VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
effective JJ O
against IN O
neuroblastoma NN B-Disease
in IN O
vitro NN O
were VBD O
achieved VBN O
at IN O
this DT O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
DLT NNP O
included VBD O
hypercalcemia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
may MD O
be VB O
predicted VBN O
by IN O
serum JJ O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
RA NN O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Monitoring NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
calcium NN O
and CC O
cis NN O
- HYPH O
RA NN O
levels NNS O
is VBZ O
indicated VBN O
in IN O
future JJ O
trials NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Time NN O
dependence NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
malondialdehyde NN O
, , O
oxypurines NNS O
, , O
and CC O
nucleosides NNS O
during IN O
incomplete JJ O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Incomplete JJ O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
ischemia NN I-Disease
( : O
30 CD O
min NN O
) , O
was VBD O
induced VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
by IN O
bilaterally RB O
clamping VBG O
the DT O
common JJ O
carotid NN O
arteries NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peripheral JJ O
venous JJ O
blood NN O
samples NNS O
were VBD O
withdrawn VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
femoral JJ O
vein NN O
four CD O
times NNS O
( , O
once RB O
every DT O
5 CD O
min NN O
) , O
before IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
( , O
0 CD O
time NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
5 CD O
, , O
15 CD O
, , O
and CC O
30 CD O
min NN O
after IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
extracts NNS O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
highly RB O
sensitive JJ O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
performance NN O
liquid NN O
chromatographic JJ O
method NN O
for IN O
the DT O
direct JJ O
determination NN O
of IN O
malondialdehyde NN O
, , O
oxypurines NNS O
, , O
and CC O
nucleosides NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
, , O
a DT O
time NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
increase NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
oxypurines NNS O
and CC O
nucleosides NNS O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
malondialdehyde NN O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
minimal JJ O
amount NN O
at IN O
zero CD O
time NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
058 CD O
mumol NN O
/ SYM O
liter NN O
plasma NN O
; : O
SD NN O
0 CD O
. . O
015 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
increased VBN O
after IN O
5 CD O
min NN O
of IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
a DT O
fivefold JJ O
increase NN O
after IN O
30 CD O
min NN O
of IN O
carotid NN O
occlusion NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
298 CD O
mumol NN O
/ SYM O
liter NN O
plasma NN O
; : O
SD NN O
0 CD O
. . O
078 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased JJ O
plasma NN O
malondialdehyde NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
recorded VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
other JJ O
groups NNS O
of IN O
animals NNS O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
experimental JJ O
model NN O
, , O
one CD O
receiving VBG O
20 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
b NN O
. . O
w UH O
. . O
of IN O
the DT O
cyclooxygenase NN O
inhibitor NN O
acetylsalicylate NN O
intravenously RB O
immediately RB O
before IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
, , O
the DT O
other JJ O
receiving VBG O
650 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
b NN O
. . O
w LS O
. . O
of IN O
the DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
drug NN O
nitroprusside NN O
at IN O
a DT O
flow NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
103 CD O
microliters NNS O
/ SYM O
min NN O
intravenously RB O
during IN O
ischemia NN B-Disease
, , O
although IN O
in IN O
this DT O
latter JJ O
group NN O
malondialdehyde NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
data NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
determination NN O
of IN O
malondialdehyde NN O
, , O
oxypurines NNS O
, , O
and CC O
nucleosides NNS O
in IN O
peripheral JJ O
blood NN O
, , O
may MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
to TO O
monitor VB O
the DT O
metabolic JJ O
alterations NNS O
of IN O
tissues NNS O
occurring VBG O
during IN O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
phenomena NNS O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) : O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
( , O
adriamycin NN O
) , O
- HYPH O
loaded VBN O
cyanoacrylate NN O
nanoparticles NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
loaded VBN O
nanoparticle NN O
( -LRB- O
DXNP NNP O
) -RRB- O
renal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
was VBD O
explored VBN O
in IN O
both CC O
normal JJ O
rats NNS O
and CC O
rats NNS O
with IN O
experimental JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
normal JJ O
rats NNS O
, , O
2 CD O
/ SYM O
6 CD O
rats NNS O
given VBN O
free JJ O
doxorubicin NN O
( -LRB- O
DX NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
5 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
died VBD O
within IN O
one CD O
week NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
all DT O
control NN O
animals NNS O
and CC O
all DT O
rats NNS O
having VBG O
received VBN O
free JJ O
NP NNP O
or CC O
DXNP NNP O
survived VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
3 CD O
times NNS O
higher JJR O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
appeared VBD O
in IN O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
DXNP NNP O
than IN O
in IN O
those DT O
treated VBN O
with IN O
DX NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Free NNP O
NP NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
provoke VB O
any DT O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
hr PRP$ O
post NN O
- HYPH O
injection NN O
, , O
DXNP NNP O
was VBD O
2 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
times NNS O
more RBR O
concentrated JJ O
in IN O
kidneys NNS O
than IN O
free JJ O
DX NNP O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
025 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
immune JJ O
experimental JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
, , O
5 CD O
/ SYM O
6 CD O
rats NNS O
given VBN O
DX NNP O
died VBD O
within IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
in IN O
contrast NN O
to IN O
animals NNS O
treated VBN O
by IN O
DXNP NNP O
, , O
NP NNP O
, , O
or CC O
untreated JJ O
, , O
which WDT O
all DT O
survived VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Proteinuria NNP B-Disease
appeared VBD O
in IN O
all DT O
series NN O
, , O
but CC O
was VBD O
2 CD O
- SYM O
5 CD O
times NNS O
more RBR O
intense JJ O
( , O
p NN O
> SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
prolonged VBN O
after IN O
doxorubicin NN O
treatment NN O
( : O
400 CD O
- SYM O
700 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
without IN O
significant JJ O
difference NN O
between IN O
DXNP NNP O
and CC O
DX NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Rats NNS O
treated VBN O
by IN O
unloaded VBN O
NP NNP O
behaved VBD O
as IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
, , O
in IN O
these DT O
experimental JJ O
conditions NNS O
, , O
DXNP NNP O
killed VBD O
less JJR O
animals NNS O
than IN O
free JJ O
DX NNP O
, , O
despite IN O
of IN O
an DT O
enhanced VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
former JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
effects NNS O
( , O
better JJR O
survival NN O
and CC O
nephrosis NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
are VBP O
most RBS O
probably RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
an DT O
enhanced VBN O
capture NN O
of IN O
DXNP NNP O
by IN O
cells NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
mononuclear JJ O
phagocyte NN O
system NN O
, , O
including VBG O
mesangial JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prostaglandin NN O
E2 NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
bladder NN B-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
in IN O
normal JJ O
, , O
conscious JJ O
rats NNS O
: : O
involvement NN O
of IN O
tachykinins NNS O
? . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
normal JJ O
conscious JJ O
rats NNS O
investigated VBN O
by IN O
continuous JJ O
cystometry NN O
, , O
intravesically RB O
instilled VBN O
prostaglandin NN O
( , O
PG NN O
) , O
E2 NN O
facilitated VBN O
micturition NN O
and CC O
increased VBN O
basal JJ O
intravesical JJ O
pressure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
was VBD O
attenuated VBN O
by IN O
both CC O
the DT O
NK1 NNP O
receptor NN O
selective JJ O
antagonist NN O
RP NNP O
67 CD O
, , O
580 CD O
and CC O
the DT O
NK2 NNP O
receptor NN O
selective JJ O
antagonist NN O
SR NNP O
48 CD O
, , O
968 CD O
, , O
given VBN O
intra NN O
- : O
arterially RB O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
it PRP O
was VBD O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
both CC O
NK1 NNP O
and CC O
NK2 NNP O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intra NNP O
- HYPH O
arterially RB O
given VBN O
PGE2 NNP O
produced VBD O
a DT O
distinct JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
bladder NN O
pressure NN O
before IN O
initiating VBG O
a DT O
micturition NN O
reflex NN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
the DT O
PG NNP O
had VBD O
a DT O
direct JJ O
contractant JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
detrusor NN O
smooth JJ O
muscle NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
intra NN O
- HYPH O
arterial JJ O
PGE2 NNP O
could MD O
not RB O
be VB O
blocked VBN O
by IN O
intra NN O
- HYPH O
arterial JJ O
RP NNP O
67 CD O
, , O
580 CD O
or CC O
SR NNP O
48 CD O
, , O
968 CD O
, , O
which WDT O
opens VBZ O
the DT O
possibility NN O
that IN O
the DT O
micturition NN O
reflex NN O
elicited VBN O
by IN O
intra NN O
- HYPH O
arterial JJ O
PGE2 NNP O
was VBD O
mediated VBN O
by IN O
pathways NNS O
other JJ O
than IN O
the DT O
reflex NN O
initiated VBN O
when WRB O
the DT O
PG NNP O
was VBD O
given VBN O
intravesically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
results NNS O
thus RB O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
intra NN O
- HYPH O
arterial JJ O
PGE2 NNP O
, , O
given VBN O
near IN O
the DT O
bladder NN O
, , O
may MD O
initiate VB O
micturition NN O
in IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
rat NN O
chiefly RB O
by IN O
directly RB O
contracting VBG O
the DT O
smooth JJ O
muscle NN O
of IN O
the DT O
detrusor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
when WRB O
given VBN O
intravesically RB O
, , O
PGE2 NNP O
may MD O
stimulate VB O
micturition NN O
by IN O
releasing VBG O
tachykinins NNS O
from IN O
nerves NNS O
in IN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
immediately RB O
below IN O
the DT O
urothelium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
tachykinins NNS O
, , O
in IN O
turn NN O
, , O
initiate VBP O
a DT O
micturition NN O
reflex NN O
by IN O
stimulating VBG O
NK1 NNP O
and CC O
NK2 NNP O
receptors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prostanoids NNS O
may MD O
, , O
via IN O
release NN O
of IN O
tachykinins NNS O
, , O
contribute VB O
to IN O
both CC O
urge NN O
and CC O
bladder NN B-Disease
hyperactivity NN I-Disease
seen VBN O
in IN O
inflammatory JJ O
conditions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
lower JJR O
urinary JJ O
tract NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Refractory JJ O
cardiogenic JJ B-Disease
shock NN I-Disease
and CC O
complete JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
after IN O
verapamil NN O
SR NN O
and CC O
metoprolol NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
seventy CD O
- HYPH O
eight CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
presented VBN O
with IN O
complete JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
and CC O
refractory JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
two CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
a DT O
therapeutic JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
sustained JJ O
- HYPH O
release NN O
verapamil NN O
with IN O
concomitant JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
metoprolol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
continued VBD O
to TO O
remain VB O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
with IN O
complete JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
, , O
even RB O
with IN O
multiple JJ O
uses NNS O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
atropine NN O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
pressor NN O
agents NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
dopamine NN O
and CC O
dobutamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
shortly RB O
after IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
, , O
the DT O
refractory JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
complete JJ O
heart NN B-Disease
block NN I-Disease
resolved VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Protective JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
misoprostol NN O
on IN O
indomethacin NN O
induced VBD O
renal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
in IN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
possible JJ O
protective JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
misoprostol NN O
on IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
in IN O
hospitalized VBN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
indomethacin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
hospitalized JJ O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
( : O
> SYM O
65 CD O
years NNS O
old JJ O
) -RRB- O
who WP O
required VBD O
therapy NN O
with IN O
nonsteroidal JJ O
antiinflammatory JJ O
drugs NNS O
( -LRB- O
NSAID NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
either CC O
indomethacin NN O
, , O
150 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
( , O
Group NNP O
A NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
indomethacin NN O
150 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
plus CC O
misoprostol NN O
at IN O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
( -LRB- O
Group NNP O
B NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Laboratory NN O
variables NNS O
of IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
[ -LRB- O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
, , O
blood NN O
urea NN O
nitrogen NN O
( , O
BUN NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
electrolytes NNS O
] -RRB- O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
before IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
every DT O
2 CD O
days NNS O
, , O
until IN O
termination NN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
( , O
a DT O
period NN O
of IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
6 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Response NN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
was VBD O
estimated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
visual JJ O
analog NN O
scale NN O
for IN O
severity NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
two CD O
patients NNS O
completed VBD O
the DT O
study NN O
, , O
22 CD O
in IN O
Group NNP O
A NNP O
and CC O
20 CD O
in IN O
Group NNP O
B NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BUN NNP O
and CC O
creatinine NN O
increased VBD O
by IN O
> SYM O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
baseline NN O
levels NNS O
in IN O
54 CD O
and CC O
45 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
Group NNP O
A NNP O
patients NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
compared VBN O
to IN O
only RB O
20 CD O
and CC O
10 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
Group NNP O
B NNP O
patients NNS O
( : O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Potassium NNP O
( HYPH O
K NNP O
) -RRB- O
increment NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mEq NNS O
/ SYM O
l NN O
or CC O
more JJR O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
Group NNP O
A NNP O
, , O
but CC O
in IN O
only RB O
15 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
Group NNP O
B NNP O
patients NNS O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
increments NNS O
in IN O
BUN NNP O
, , O
creatinine NN O
, , O
and CC O
K NNP O
were VBD O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
63 CD O
, , O
80 CD O
, , O
and CC O
42 CD O
% NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
in IN O
Group NNP O
B NNP O
patients NNS O
compared VBN O
to IN O
Group NNP O
A NNP O
. , O
Response NN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
differ VB O
significantly RB O
between IN O
the DT O
2 CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Hospitalized VBN O
elderly JJ O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
at IN O
risk NN O
for IN O
developing VBG O
indomethacin JJ O
related VBN O
renal JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Addition NN O
of IN O
misoprostol NN O
can MD O
minimize VB O
this DT O
renal JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
without IN O
affecting VBG O
pain NN B-Disease
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cognitive JJ B-Disease
deterioration NN I-Disease
from IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
abuse NN O
of IN O
dextromethorphan NN O
: : O
a DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dextromethorphan NNP O
( -LRB- O
DM NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
dextrorotatory JJ O
isomer NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methylmorphinan NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
the DT O
main JJ O
ingredient NN O
in IN O
a DT O
number NN O
of IN O
widely RB O
available JJ O
, , O
over IN O
- HYPH O
the DT O
- HYPH O
counter NN O
antitussives NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Initial JJ O
studies NNS O
( -LRB- O
Bornstein NNP O
1968 CD O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
that IN O
it PRP O
possessed VBD O
no DT O
respiratory JJ O
suppressant JJ O
effects NNS O
and CC O
no DT O
addiction NN O
liability NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Subsequently RB O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
several JJ O
articles NNS O
reporting VBG O
abuse NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
have VBP O
appeared VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
drug NN O
is VBZ O
known VBN O
to TO O
cause VB O
a DT O
variety NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
, , O
ranging VBG O
from IN O
nausea NN B-Disease
, , O
restlessness NN B-Disease
, , O
insomnia NN B-Disease
, , O
ataxia NN B-Disease
, , O
slurred VBN O
speech NN O
and CC O
nystagmus NN B-Disease
to IN O
mood NN O
changes NNS O
, , O
perceptual JJ O
alterations NNS O
, , O
inattention NN O
, , O
disorientation NN O
and CC O
aggressive JJ B-Disease
behavior NN I-Disease
( , O
Rammer NNP O
et FW O
al NNP O
1988 CD O
; : O
Katona NNP O
and CC O
Watson NNP O
1986 CD O
; : O
Isbell NNP O
and CC O
Fraser NNP O
1953 CD O
; : O
Devlin NNP O
et FW O
al NNP O
1985 CD O
; , O
McCarthy NNP O
1971 CD O
; : O
Dodds NNP O
and CC O
Revai NNP O
1967 CD O
; : O
Degkwitz NNP O
1964 CD O
; , O
Hildebrand NNP O
et FW O
al NNP O
1989 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
have VBP O
also RB O
been VBN O
two CD O
reported VBN O
fatalities NNS O
from IN O
DM NNP O
overdoses NNS O
( , O
Fleming NNP O
1986 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
there EX O
are VBP O
no DT O
reports NNS O
describing VBG O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
abuse NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
report NN O
describes VBZ O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
deterioration NN I-Disease
resulting VBG O
from IN O
prolonged VBN O
use NN O
of IN O
DM NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
ouabain NN O
on IN O
myocardial JJ O
oxygen NN O
supply NN O
and CC O
demand NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
hemodynamic JJ O
, , O
volumetric JJ O
, , O
and CC O
metabolic JJ O
study NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
without IN O
heart NN B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
digitalis NN O
glycosides NNS O
on IN O
myocardial JJ O
oxygen NN O
supply NN O
and CC O
demand NN O
are VBP O
of IN O
particular JJ O
interest NN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
obstructive JJ O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
but CC O
have VBP O
not RB O
been VBN O
measured VBN O
previously RB O
in IN O
man NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
assessed VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
ouabain NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
015 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
body NN O
weight NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
hemodynamic JJ O
, , O
volumetric JJ O
, , O
and CC O
metabolic JJ O
parameters NNS O
in IN O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
severe JJ O
chronic JJ O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
without IN O
clinical JJ O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Because IN O
the DT O
protocol NN O
was VBD O
long JJ O
and CC O
involved VBN O
interventions NNS O
which WDT O
might MD O
affect VB O
the DT O
determinations NNS O
, , O
we PRP O
also RB O
studied VBD O
in IN O
nine CD O
patients NNS O
using VBG O
an DT O
identical JJ O
protocol NN O
except IN O
that IN O
ouabain NNP O
administration NN O
was VBD O
omitted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
end NN O
- HYPH O
diastolic JJ O
pressure NN O
and CC O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
end NN O
- HYPH O
diastolic JJ O
volume NN O
fell VBD O
in IN O
each DT O
patient NN O
given VBN O
ouabain NN O
, , O
even RB O
though IN O
they PRP O
were VBD O
initially RB O
elevated VBN O
in IN O
only RB O
two CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Left VBN O
ventricular JJ O
end NN O
- HYPH O
diastolic JJ O
pressure NN O
fell VBD O
from IN O
11 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
( , O
mean VB O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
SE NN O
) : O
to IN O
5 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
end NN O
- HYPH O
diastolic JJ O
volume NN O
fell VBD O
from IN O
100 CD O
+ CC O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
17 CD O
to IN O
82 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
12 CD O
ml NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) SYM O
1 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
ouabain NN O
infusion NN O
was VBD O
completed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
maximum JJ O
velocity NN O
of IN O
contractile JJ O
element NN O
shortening NN O
increased VBD O
from IN O
1 CD O
. . O
68 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
11 CD O
ml CD O
/ SYM O
s NNS O
to IN O
2 CD O
. . O
18 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
21 CD O
muscle NN O
- HYPH O
lengths NNS O
/ SYM O
s NNS O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
is VBZ O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
contractility NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
change NN O
in IN O
these DT O
parameters NNS O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
change NN O
in IN O
myocardial JJ O
oxygen NN O
consumption NN O
occurred VBD O
after IN O
ouabain NN O
administration NN O
but CC O
this DT O
may MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
greater JJR O
decrease NN O
in IN O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
in IN O
the DT O
ouabain JJ O
patients NNS O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
chronic JJ O
coronary JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
who WP O
are VBP O
not RB O
in IN O
clinical JJ O
congestive JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
left VBN B-Disease
ventricular JJ I-Disease
end NN I-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
diastolic JJ I-Disease
volume NN I-Disease
falls VBZ I-Disease
after IN O
ouabain NN O
administration NN O
even RB O
when WRB O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
initially RB O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Though IN O
this DT O
fall NN O
would MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
wall NN O
tension NN O
, , O
and CC O
, , O
therefore RB O
, , O
of IN O
myocardial JJ O
oxygen NN O
consumption NN O
, , O
it PRP O
may MD O
not RB O
be VB O
of IN O
sufficient JJ O
magnitude NN O
to TO O
prevent VB O
a DT O
net JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
myocardial JJ O
oxygen NN O
consumption NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nevertheless RB O
, , O
compensatory JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
prevent VBP O
a DT O
deterioration NN O
of IN O
resting VBG O
myocardial JJ O
metabolism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ocular JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
in IN O
perfusion NN O
- HYPH O
cultured VBN O
human JJ O
eyes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
Glucocorticoid NN O
administration NN O
can MD O
lead VB O
to IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
ocular JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
and CC O
corticosteroid NN B-Disease
glaucoma NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
subset NN O
of IN O
the DT O
population NN O
through IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
aqueous JJ O
humor NN O
outflow NN O
facility NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
determine VB O
whether IN O
glucocorticoid JJ O
treatment NN O
can MD O
directly RB O
affect VB O
the DT O
outflow NN O
facility NN O
of IN O
isolated VBN O
, , O
perfusion NN O
- HYPH O
cultured VBN O
human JJ O
eyes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
anterior JJ O
segments NNS O
of IN O
human JJ O
donor NN O
eyes NNS O
from IN O
regional JJ O
eye NN O
banks NNS O
were VBD O
placed VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
constant JJ O
flow NN O
, , O
variable JJ O
pressure NN O
perfusion NN O
culture NN O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Paired JJ O
eyes NNS O
were VBD O
perfused VBN O
in IN O
serum NN O
- HYPH O
free JJ O
media NNS O
with IN O
or CC O
without IN O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
) SYM O
M NN O
dexamethasone NN O
for IN O
12 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intraocular JJ O
pressure NN O
was VBD O
monitored VBN O
daily RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
incubation NN O
, , O
the DT O
eyes NNS O
were VBD O
morphologically RB O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
light JJ O
microscopy NN O
, , O
transmission NN O
and CC O
scanning NN O
electron NN O
microscopy NN O
, , O
and CC O
scanning VBG O
laser NN O
confocal JJ O
microscopy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
significant JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
intraocular JJ O
pressure NN O
developed VBN O
in IN O
13 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
44 CD O
pairs NNS O
of IN O
eyes NNS O
perfused VBN O
with IN O
dexamethasone NN O
with IN O
an DT O
average JJ O
pressure NN O
rise NN O
of IN O
17 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
after IN O
12 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
dexamethasone NN O
exposure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
contralateral JJ O
control NN O
eyes NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
did VBD O
not RB O
receive VB O
dexamethasone NN O
, , O
maintained VBD O
a DT O
stable JJ O
intraocular JJ O
pressure NN O
during IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
outflow NN O
pathway NN O
of IN O
the DT O
untreated JJ O
eyes NNS O
appeared VBD O
morphologically RB O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
contrast NN O
, , O
the DT O
dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
eyes NNS I-Disease
had VBD O
thickened VBN O
trabecular JJ O
beams NNS O
, , O
decreased VBN O
intertrabecular JJ O
spaces NNS O
, , O
thickened VBN O
juxtacanalicular JJ O
tissue NN O
, , O
activated VBN O
trabecular JJ O
meshwork NN O
cells NNS O
, , O
and CC O
increased VBN O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
amorphogranular JJ O
extracellular JJ O
material NN O
, , O
especially RB O
in IN O
the DT O
juxtacanalicular JJ O
tissue NN O
and CC O
beneath IN O
the DT O
endothelial JJ O
lining NN O
of IN O
the DT O
canal NN O
of IN O
Schlemm NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
nonresponder NN O
eyes NNS O
appeared VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
morphologically RB O
similar JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
untreated JJ O
eyes NNS O
, , O
although IN O
several JJ O
subtle JJ O
dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
morphologic JJ O
changes NNS O
were VBD O
evident JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Dexamethasone NNP O
treatment NN O
of IN O
isolated VBN O
, , O
perfusion NN O
- HYPH O
cultured VBN O
human JJ O
eyes NNS O
led VBD O
to IN O
the DT O
generation NN O
of IN O
ocular JJ B-Disease
hypertension NN I-Disease
in IN O
approximately RB O
30 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dexamethasone NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
eyes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Steroid NN O
treatment NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
morphologic JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
trabecular JJ O
meshwork NN O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
reported VBN O
for IN O
corticosteroid NN B-Disease
glaucoma NN I-Disease
and CC O
open JJ B-Disease
angle NN I-Disease
glaucoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
system NN O
may MD O
provide VB O
an DT O
acute JJ O
model NN O
in IN O
which WDT O
to TO O
study VB O
the DT O
pathogenic JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
involved VBN O
in IN O
steroid NN B-Disease
glaucoma NN I-Disease
and CC O
primary JJ B-Disease
open JJ I-Disease
angle NN I-Disease
glaucoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Auditory JJ O
disturbance NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
interscalene JJ O
brachial JJ O
plexus NN O
block NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
performed VBD O
an DT O
audiometric JJ O
study NN O
in IN O
20 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
surgery NN O
of IN O
the DT O
shoulder NN O
region NN O
under IN O
an DT O
interscalene JJ O
brachial JJ O
plexus NN O
block NN O
( , O
IBPB NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bupivacaine NN O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
% NN O
with IN O
adrenaline NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
followed VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hr NN O
continuous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
% NN O
bupivacaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
audiometric JJ O
threshold NN O
measurements NNS O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
- HYPH O
18 CD O
kHz NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
made VBN O
: : O
the DT O
first JJ O
before IN O
IBPB NNP O
, , O
the DT O
second JJ O
2 CD O
- SYM O
6 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
surgery NN O
and CC O
the DT O
third JJ O
on IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
day NN O
after IN O
operation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
four CD O
patients NNS O
hearing VBG B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
on IN O
the DT O
side NN O
of IN O
the DT O
block NN O
was VBD O
demonstrated VBN O
after IN O
operation NN O
, , O
in IN O
three CD O
measurements NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
day NN O
of IN O
surgery NN O
and CC O
in IN O
one CD O
on IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
day NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
frequencies NNS O
at IN O
which WDT O
the DT O
impairment NN O
occurred VBD O
varied VBD O
between IN O
patients NNS O
; : O
in IN O
one CD O
only RB O
low JJ O
frequencies NNS O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
- SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
kHz NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
involved VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
maximum JJ O
change NN O
in IN O
threshold NN O
was VBD O
35 CD O
dB NN O
at IN O
6 CD O
kHz NN O
measured VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
continuous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
bupivacaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
hearing NN O
threshold NN O
changes NNS O
( : O
15 CD O
- SYM O
20 CD O
dB NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
6 CD O
- SYM O
10 CD O
kHz NN O
on IN O
the DT O
opposite JJ O
side NN O
also RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
IBPB NNP O
may MD O
cause VB O
transient JJ O
auditory JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
ipsilateral JJ O
ear NN O
, , O
possibly RB O
via IN O
an DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
sympathetic JJ O
innervation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
safety NN O
and CC O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
combination NN O
N NN O
- HYPH O
butyl NN O
- HYPH O
deoxynojirimycin NN O
( , O
SC NNP O
- HYPH O
48334 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
zidovudine NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
HIV NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
1 CD I-Disease
infection NN I-Disease
and CC O
200 CD O
- SYM O
500 CD O
CD4 NN O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
mm3 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conducted VBD O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
phase NN O
II NNP O
study NN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
safety NN O
and CC O
activity NN O
of IN O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
with IN O
N NN O
- HYPH O
butyl NN O
- HYPH O
deoxynojirimycin NN O
( -LRB- O
SC NNP O
- HYPH O
48334 CD O
) -RRB- O
( , O
an DT O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
glucosidase NN O
I NN O
inhibitor NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
zidovudine NN O
versus IN O
zidovudine FW O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
with IN O
200 CD O
to TO O
500 CD O
CD4 NNP O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
mm3 CD O
who WP O
tolerated VBD O
< : O
or CC O
= SYM O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
prior JJ O
zidovudine NN O
therapy NN O
received VBD O
SC NNP O
- HYPH O
48334 CD O
( SYM O
1000 CD O
mg NN O
every DT O
8 CD O
h NN O
) , O
and CC O
zidovudine NN O
( SYM O
100 CD O
mg NN O
every DT O
8 CD O
h NN O
) , O
or CC O
zidovudine NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sixty CD O
patients NNS O
received VBD O
combination NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
58 CD O
, , O
zidovudine NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
three CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
38 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
and CC O
15 CD O
( SYM O
26 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
and CC O
zidovudine NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
discontinued VBD O
therapy NN O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
15 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
SC NNP O
- HYPH O
48334 CD O
steady JJ O
- HYPH O
state NN O
trough NN O
level NN O
( , O
4 CD O
. . O
04 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
99 CD O
micrograms NNS O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
below IN O
the DT O
in FW O
vitro FW O
inhibitory JJ O
concentration NN O
for IN O
human JJ O
immunodeficiency NN B-Disease
virus NN O
( , O
HIV NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
increase NN O
in IN O
CD4 NNP O
cells NNS O
at IN O
week NN O
4 CD O
was VBD O
73 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
mm3 CD O
and CC O
52 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
mm3 CD O
for IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
and CC O
zidovudine NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
respectively RB O
( : O
p NN O
> SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
36 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
prior JJ O
zidovudine NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
the DT O
mean JJ O
change NN O
in IN O
CD4 NNP O
cells NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
and CC O
zidovudine NN O
groups NNS O
was VBD O
63 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
mm3 CD O
and CC O
4 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
mm3 CD O
at IN O
week NN O
8 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
mm3 CD O
and CC O
- HYPH O
45 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
cells NNS O
/ SYM O
mm3 CD O
at IN O
week NN O
16 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
number NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
suppression NN O
of IN O
HIV NNP O
p24 NN O
antigenemia NN O
in IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
and CC O
zidovudine NN O
groups NNS O
was VBD O
six CD O
( SYM O
40 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
two CD O
( SYM O
11 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
week NN O
4 CD O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
10 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
five CD O
( : O
45 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
two CD O
( SYM O
14 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
week NN O
24 CD O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
08 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diarrhea NN B-Disease
, , O
flatulence NN B-Disease
, , O
abdominal JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
weight NN B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
were VBD O
common JJ O
for IN O
combination NN O
recipients NNS O
. . O
( : O
ABSTRACT NN O
TRUNCATED VBN O
AT IN O
250 CD O
WORDS NNS O
) : O
null null null-Disease
Prolonged JJ O
paralysis NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
nondepolarizing JJ O
neuromuscular JJ O
blocking NN O
agents NNS O
and CC O
corticosteroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
use NN O
of IN O
nondepolarizing JJ O
neuromuscular JJ O
blocking NN O
agents NNS O
( -LRB- O
ND NNP O
- HYPH O
NMBA NNP O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
recently RB O
been VBN O
implicated VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
prolonged JJ O
muscle NN B-Disease
weakness NN I-Disease
, , O
although IN O
the DT O
site NN O
of IN O
the DT O
lesion NN O
and CC O
the DT O
predisposing VBG O
factors NNS O
have VBP O
been VBN O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
( , O
age NN O
37 CD O
- SYM O
52 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
acute JJ O
respiratory JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
prolonged VBN O
weakness NN B-Disease
following VBG O
the DT O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
ND NNP O
- HYPH O
NMBAs NNPS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
patients NNS O
also RB O
received VBD O
intravenous JJ O
corticosteroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
function NN O
was VBD O
normal JJ O
but CC O
hepatic JJ O
function NN O
was VBD O
impaired VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
and CC O
all DT O
had VBD O
acidosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electrophysiologic JJ O
studies NNS O
revealed VBD O
low JJ O
amplitude NN O
compound NN O
motor NN O
action NN O
potentials NNS O
, , O
normal JJ O
sensory JJ O
studies NNS O
, , O
and CC O
fibrillations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Repetitive JJ O
stimulation NN O
at IN O
2 CD O
Hz NNP O
showed VBD O
a DT O
decremental JJ O
response NN O
in IN O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
serum NN O
vecuronium NN O
level NN O
measured VBD O
in IN O
1 CD O
patient NN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
had VBD O
been VBN O
discontinued VBN O
was VBD O
172 CD O
ng CD O
/ SYM O
mL NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
muscle NN O
biopsy NN O
in IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
showed VBD O
loss NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
thick JJ I-Disease
, , I-Disease
myosin NN I-Disease
filaments NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
weakness NN B-Disease
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
is VBZ O
due JJ O
to IN O
pathology NN B-Disease
at IN I-Disease
both CC I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
neuromuscular JJ I-Disease
junction NN I-Disease
( , O
most RBS O
likely JJ O
due IN O
to IN O
ND NNP O
- HYPH O
NMBA NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
muscle NN O
( , O
most RBS O
likely JJ O
due IN O
to IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatic JJ B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
and CC O
acidosis NN B-Disease
are VBP O
contributing VBG O
risk NN O
factors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Failure NN O
of IN O
ancrod NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
arterial JJ O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
morbidity NN O
and CC O
mortality NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
remain VBP O
high JJ O
despite IN O
numerous JJ O
empirical JJ O
therapies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ancrod NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
used VBN O
successfully RB O
for IN O
prophylaxis NN O
against IN O
development NN O
of IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
heparin NN O
induced VBN O
platelet NN B-Disease
aggregation NN I-Disease
who WP O
require VBP O
brief JJ O
reexposure NN O
to IN O
heparin NN O
, , O
but CC O
its PRP$ O
success NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
who WP O
have VBP O
developed VBN O
the DT O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
syndrome NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
well RB O
defined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
authors NNS O
present VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
failure NN O
of IN O
ancrod NN O
treatment NN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
heparin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Water NN B-Disease
intoxication NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
oxytocin NN O
administration NN O
during IN O
saline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
abortion NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Four CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
water NN B-Disease
intoxication NN I-Disease
in IN O
connection NN O
with IN O
oxytocin NN O
administration NN O
during IN O
saline NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
abortions NNS B-Disease
are VBP O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
water NN B-Disease
intoxication NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
discussed VBN O
in IN O
regard NN O
to IN O
these DT O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oxytocin NNP O
administration NN O
during IN O
midtrimester NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
abortions NNS B-Disease
is VBZ O
advocated VBN O
only RB O
if IN O
it PRP O
can MD O
be VB O
carried VBN O
out RP O
under IN O
careful JJ O
observations NNS O
of IN O
an DT O
alert JJ O
nursing NN O
staff NN O
, , O
aware JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
water NN B-Disease
intoxication NN I-Disease
and CC O
instructed VBN O
to TO O
watch VB O
the DT O
diuresis NN O
and CC O
report VB O
such JJ O
early JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
syndrome NN O
as IN O
asthenia NN B-Disease
, , O
muscular JJ O
irritability NN B-Disease
, , O
or CC O
headaches NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
oxytocin NN O
should MD O
be VB O
given VBN O
only RB O
in IN O
Ringers NNPS O
lactate NN O
or CC O
, , O
alternately RB O
, , O
in IN O
Ringers NNPS O
lactate NN O
and CC O
a DT O
5 CD O
per NN O
cent NN O
dextrose NN O
and CC O
water NN O
solutions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
urinary JJ O
output NN O
should MD O
be VB O
monitored VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
oxytocin JJ O
administration NN O
discontinued VBD O
and CC O
the DT O
serum JJ O
electrolytes NNS O
checked VBN O
if IN O
the DT O
urinary JJ O
output NN O
decreases VBZ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
oxytocin NN O
should MD O
not RB O
be VB O
administered VBN O
in IN O
excess NN O
of IN O
36 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
If IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
aborted VBN O
by IN O
then RB O
the DT O
oxytocin NN O
should MD O
be VB O
discontinued VBN O
for IN O
10 CD O
to TO O
12 CD O
hours NNS O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
perform VB O
electrolyte NN O
determinations NNS O
and CC O
correct VB O
any DT O
electrolyte NN O
imbalance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Light JJ O
chain NN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
and CC O
cellular JJ O
mediated VBN O
immunity NN O
in IN O
rifampin NN O
treated VBD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
tuberculosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Light JJ O
chain NN O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
was VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
9 CD O
of IN O
17 CD O
tuberculosis NNS B-Disease
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
rifampin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Concomitant JJ O
assay NN O
of IN O
cellular JJ O
mediated VBN O
immunity NN O
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
using VBG O
skin NN O
test NN O
antigen NN O
and CC O
a DT O
lymphokine NN O
in FW O
vitro FW O
test NN O
provided VBD O
results NNS O
that WDT O
were VBD O
different JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Response NN O
to IN O
Varidase NNP O
skin NN O
test NN O
antigen NN O
was VBD O
negative JJ O
for IN O
all DT O
eight CD O
tuberculosis NNS B-Disease
patients NNS O
tested VBN O
, , O
but CC O
there EX O
occurred VBD O
a DT O
hyper JJ O
- HYPH O
responsiveness NN O
of IN O
the DT O
lymphocytes NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
eight CD O
patients NNS O
to IN O
phytomitogen NN O
( , O
PHA NN O
- HYPH O
P NN O
) -RRB- O
. , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
of IN O
those DT O
of IN O
seven CD O
other JJ O
tuberculous JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
last JJ O
finding NN O
may MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
time NN O
of IN O
testing NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
endogenous JJ O
serum JJ O
binding NN O
of IN O
rifampin NN O
which WDT O
could MD O
have VB O
inhibited VBN O
mitogen NN O
activity NN O
for IN O
the DT O
lymphocyte NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
KF17837 NN O
: : O
a DT O
novel JJ O
selective JJ O
adenosine NN O
A2A NN O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
with IN O
anticataleptic JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
KF17837 NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
novel JJ O
selective JJ O
adenosine NN O
A2A NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
KF17837 CD O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
10 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
and CC O
30 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
significantly RB O
ameliorated VBD O
the DT O
cataleptic JJ B-Disease
responses NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
intracerebroventricular JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
an DT O
adenosine JJ O
A2A NN O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
, , O
CGS NNP O
21680 CD O
( SYM O
10 CD O
micrograms NNS O
) -RRB- O
, , O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
manner NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
KF17837 NNP O
also RB O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
haloperidol NN O
( , O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
by IN O
reserpine NN O
( : O
5 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
anticataleptic JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
exhibited VBN O
dose NN O
dependently RB O
at IN O
doses NNS O
from IN O
0 CD O
. . O
625 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
p NN O
. . O
o -RRB- O
. . O
, , O
respectively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
KF17837 NNP O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
625 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
p NN O
. . O
o -RRB- O
. . O
) -RRB- O
potentiated VBD O
the DT O
anticataleptic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
subthreshold JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydroxyphenylalanine NN O
( , O
L NN O
- HYPH O
DOPA NNP O
; : O
25 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i NN O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
plus CC O
benserazide NN O
( : O
6 CD O
. . O
25 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
KF17837 NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
centrally RB O
active JJ O
adenosine NN O
A2A NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
and CC O
that IN O
the DT O
dopaminergic JJ O
function NN O
of IN O
the DT O
nigrostriatal JJ O
pathway NN O
is VBZ O
potentiated VBN O
by IN O
adenosine NN O
A2A NNP O
receptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
KF17837 NNP O
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
useful JJ O
drug NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
nondopaminergic JJ O
drugs NNS O
on IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
MPTP NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
monkeys NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
group NN O
of IN O
four CD O
monkeys NNS O
was VBD O
rendered VBN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
with IN O
the DT O
toxin NN O
MPTP NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
were VBD O
then RB O
treated VBN O
chronically RB O
with IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
DOPA NNP O
/ SYM O
benserazide NN O
50 CD O
/ SYM O
12 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
given VBN O
orally RB O
daily RB O
for IN O
2 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
dose NN O
produced VBD O
a DT O
striking JJ O
antiparkinsonian JJ O
effect NN O
, , O
but CC O
all DT O
animals NNS O
manifested VBD O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
series NN O
of IN O
agents NNS O
acting VBG O
primarily RB O
on IN O
neurotransmitters NNS O
other JJ O
than IN O
dopamine NN O
were VBD O
then RB O
tested VBN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
DOPA NNP O
to TO O
see VB O
if IN O
the DT O
dyskinetic JJ B-Disease
movements NNS O
would MD O
be VB O
modified VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Several JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
clonidine NN O
, , O
physostigmine NN O
, , O
methysergide NN O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
MDOT NNP O
, , O
propranolol NN O
, , O
and CC O
MK NNP O
- HYPH O
801 CD O
, , O
markedly RB O
reduced VBD O
the DT O
dyskinetic JJ B-Disease
movements NNS O
but CC O
at IN O
the DT O
cost NN O
of IN O
a DT O
return NN O
of IN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
symptomatology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
yohimbine NN O
and CC O
meperidine NN O
reduced VBD O
predominantly RB O
the DT O
dyskinetic JJ B-Disease
movements NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Baclofen NNP O
was VBD O
also RB O
useful JJ O
in IN O
one CD O
monkey NN O
against IN O
a DT O
more RBR O
dystonic JJ B-Disease
form NN O
of IN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Atropine NNP O
converted VBD O
the DT O
dystonic JJ B-Disease
movements NNS O
into IN O
chorea NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hallucinations NNS B-Disease
and CC O
ifosfamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Hallucinations NNS B-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
symptom NN O
of IN O
central JJ O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
are VBP O
a DT O
known JJ O
but CC O
poorly RB O
described VBN O
side NN O
effect NN O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Most JJS O
cases NNS O
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hallucinations NNS B-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
with IN O
other JJ O
mental JJ O
status NN O
changes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
authors NNS O
interviewed VBD O
six CD O
persons NNS O
with IN O
ifosfamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hallucinations NNS B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
a DT O
clear JJ O
sensorium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
receiving VBG O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
ifosfamide NN O
as IN O
part NN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplant NN O
procedure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Hallucinations NNS B-Disease
occurred VBD O
only RB O
when WRB O
the DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
eyes NNS O
were VBD O
closed JJ O
and CC O
, , O
in IN O
all DT O
but IN O
one CD O
case NN O
, , O
were VBD O
reported VBN O
as IN O
disturbing JJ O
or CC O
frightening JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Underreporting VBG O
of IN O
these DT O
hallucinations NNS B-Disease
by IN O
patients NNS O
is VBZ O
likely JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Hallucinations NNS B-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
the DT O
sole JJ O
or CC O
first JJ O
manifestation NN O
of IN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
may MD O
be VB O
dose NN O
and CC O
infusion NN O
- HYPH O
time NN O
related VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinician NN O
should MD O
be VB O
alerted VBN O
for IN O
possible JJ O
ifosfamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hallucinations NNS B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
may MD O
occur VB O
without IN O
other JJ O
signs NNS O
of IN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
"""" `` O
Eyes NNS O
- HYPH O
closed JJ O
"""" '' O
hallucinatory JJ B-Disease
experiences NNS O
appear VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
an DT O
unusual JJ O
feature NN O
of IN O
this DT O
presentation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
anxious JJ O
about IN O
this DT O
experience NN O
respond VBP O
well RB O
to IN O
support NN O
and CC O
education NN O
about IN O
this DT O
occurrence NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Optimal JJ O
pharmacologic JJ O
management NN O
of IN O
disturbed VBN O
patients NNS O
is VBZ O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
If IN O
agitation NN B-Disease
becomes VBZ O
marked VBN O
, , O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
potency NN O
neuroleptics NNS O
( : O
i LS O
. . O
e -RRB- O
. . O
, , O
haloperidol NN O
) -RRB- O
may MD O
be VB O
effective JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Photodistributed VBN O
nifedipine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
facial JJ O
telangiectasia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
months NNS O
after IN O
starting VBG O
nifedipine NN O
( , O
Adalat NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
two CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
photodistributed VBN O
facial JJ O
telangiectasia NN B-Disease
, , O
which WDT O
became VBD O
more RBR O
noticeable JJ O
with IN O
time NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neither DT O
patient NN O
complained VBD O
of IN O
photosensitivity NN O
or CC O
flushing NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
patients NNS O
reported VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
cosmetic JJ O
improvement NN O
after IN O
discontinuing VBG O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
commenced VBD O
the DT O
closely RB O
related VBN O
drug NN O
amlodipine NN O
3 CD O
years NNS O
later RB O
, , O
with IN O
recurrence NN O
of IN O
telangiectasia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
photodistribution NN O
of IN O
the DT O
telangiectasia NN B-Disease
suggests VBZ O
a DT O
significant JJ O
drug NN O
/ SYM O
light JJ O
interaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Penicillamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rapidly RB O
progressive JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
67 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
with IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
presented VBD O
rapidly RB O
progressive JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
( -LRB- O
RPGN NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
after IN O
5 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
( : O
250 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Light JJ O
microscopy NN O
study NN O
showed VBD O
severe JJ O
glomerulonephritis NN B-Disease
with IN O
crescent NN O
formation NN O
in IN O
60 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glomeruli NN O
and CC O
infiltration NN O
of IN O
inflammatory JJ O
cells NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
wall NN O
of IN O
an DT O
arteriole NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunofluorescence NN O
revealed VBD O
scanty JJ O
granular JJ O
IgG NNP O
, , O
IgA NNP O
and CC O
C3 NNP O
deposits NNS O
along IN O
the DT O
capillary JJ O
walls NNS O
and CC O
mesangium NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
steroid NN O
pulse NN O
, , O
plasmapheresis NN O
, , O
cyclophosphamide NN O
and CC O
antiplatelet NN O
agents NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
complete JJ O
recovery NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
was VBD O
achieved VBN O
in IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
new JJ O
case NN O
of IN O
RPGN NNP B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
course NN O
of IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
treatment NN O
emphasizes VBZ O
the DT O
need NN O
for IN O
frequent JJ O
monitoring NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
urinary JJ O
sediment NN O
and CC O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
prompt JJ O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
and CC O
vigorous JJ O
treatment NN O
measures NNS O
could MD O
allow VB O
for IN O
a DT O
good JJ O
prognosis NN O
as IN O
in IN O
this DT O
case NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
of IN O
polymyositis NN B-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
primary JJ B-Disease
biliary JJ I-Disease
cirrhosis NN I-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
used VBN O
for IN O
many JJ O
rheumatologic JJ B-Disease
diseases NNS I-Disease
, , O
toxicity NN B-Disease
limits VBZ O
its PRP$ O
usefulness NN O
in IN O
many JJ O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Polymyositis NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
dermatomyositis NN B-Disease
can MD O
develop VB O
as IN O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
autoimmune JJ O
complications NNS O
of IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
but CC O
its PRP$ O
exact JJ O
pathogenesis NN O
remains VBZ O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
primary JJ B-Disease
biliary JJ I-Disease
cirrhosis NN I-Disease
, , O
who WP O
developed VBD O
polymyositis NN B-Disease
while IN O
receiving VBG O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
described VBD O
the DT O
special JJ O
clinical JJ O
course NN O
of IN O
the DT O
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
receiving VBG O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
therapy NN O
should MD O
be VB O
followed VBN O
carefully RB O
for IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
autoimmune JJ O
complications NNS O
like IN O
polymyositis NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
dermatomyositis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
and CC O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
in IN O
terminal JJ O
cancer NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
continuous JJ O
intravenous JJ O
morphine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eight CD O
cancer NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
terminal JJ O
stages NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
disease NN O
treated VBN O
with IN O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
morphine NN O
developed VBD O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
cases NNS O
were VBD O
retrospectively RB O
sampled VBN O
from IN O
three CD O
different JJ O
hospitals NNS O
in IN O
Copenhagen NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
universal JJ O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
and CC O
hyperesthesia NN B-Disease
which WDT O
in IN O
2 CD O
cases NNS O
were VBD O
accompanied VBN O
by IN O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
a DT O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
existing VBG O
neuralgia NN B-Disease
increased VBD O
to IN O
excruciating JJ O
intensity NN O
and CC O
in IN O
2 CD O
of IN O
these DT O
cases NNS O
myoclonus NNP B-Disease
occurred VBD O
simultaneously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
only RB O
few JJ O
clinical JJ O
descriptions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
relationship NN O
between IN O
hyperalgesia NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
myoclonus NN B-Disease
and CC O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
morphine NN O
are VBP O
available JJ O
, , O
experimental JJ O
support NN O
from IN O
animal NN O
studies NNS O
indicates VBZ O
that IN O
morphine NN O
, , O
or CC O
its PRP$ O
metabolites NNS O
, , O
plays VBZ O
a DT O
causative JJ O
role NN O
for IN O
the DT O
observed VBN O
behavioural JJ O
syndrome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possible JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
proposals NNS O
given VBN O
suggesting VBG O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
more RBR O
efficacious JJ O
opioids NNS O
with IN O
less RBR O
excitatory JJ O
potency NN O
in IN O
these DT O
situations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liposomal JJ O
daunorubicin NN O
in IN O
advanced JJ O
Kaposi NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
sarcoma NN I-Disease
: : O
a DT O
phase NN O
II NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
randomized VBN O
Phase NNP O
II NNP O
clinical JJ O
trial NN O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
of IN O
liposomal JJ O
daunorubicin NN O
( -LRB- O
DaunoXome NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
related VBN O
Kaposi NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
sarcoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eleven CD O
homosexual JJ O
men NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
Kaposi NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
sarcoma NN I-Disease
were VBD O
entered VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Changes NNS O
in IN O
size NN O
, , O
colour NN O
and CC O
associated JJ O
oedema NN B-Disease
of IN O
selected VBN O
' `` O
target NN O
' '' O
lesions NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
, , O
biochemical JJ O
and CC O
haematological JJ O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
subjects NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
partial JJ O
response NN O
was VBD O
achieved VBN O
in IN O
four CD O
, , O
of IN O
whom WP O
two CD O
subsequently RB O
relapsed VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Stabilization NN O
of IN O
Kaposi NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
sarcoma NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
remaining VBG O
six CD O
, , O
maintained VBN O
until IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
the DT O
trial NN O
period NN O
in IN O
four CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
drug NN O
was VBD O
generally RB O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
, , O
with IN O
few JJ O
mild JJ O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
main JJ O
problem NN O
encountered VBN O
was VBD O
haematological JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
, , O
with IN O
three CD O
subjects NNS O
experiencing VBG O
severe JJ O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
( , O
neutrophil NN O
count NN O
< : O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
9 CD O
) NN O
/ SYM O
l NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
evidence NN O
of IN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
small JJ O
patient JJ O
sample NN O
, , O
liposomal JJ O
daunorubicin NN O
was VBD O
an DT O
effective JJ O
and CC O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
agent NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
Kaposi NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
sarcoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
vincristine NN O
on IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Non NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
Hodgkin NNP I-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNP I-Disease
Lymphoma NNP I-Disease
treated VBN O
with IN O
vincristine NN O
between IN O
1984 CD O
and CC O
1990 CD O
( , O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
12 CD O
mg NN O
in IN O
18 CD O
- SYM O
24 CD O
weeks NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
investigated VBN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
long JJ O
term NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
vincristine NN O
on IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
interviewed VBN O
with IN O
emphasis NN O
on IN O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Physical JJ O
and CC O
quantitative JJ O
sensory NN O
examination NN O
with IN O
determination NN O
of IN O
vibratory JJ O
perception NN O
and CC O
thermal JJ O
discrimination NN O
thresholds NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
, , O
four CD O
to TO O
77 CD O
months NNS O
( , O
median JJ O
34 CD O
months NNS O
) -RRB- O
after IN O
vincristine JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
seven CD O
patients NNS O
reported VBD O
neuropathic JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
13 CD O
of IN O
these DT O
27 CD O
patients NNS O
symptoms NNS O
were VBD O
still RB O
present JJ O
at IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
examination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
sensory JJ O
signs NNS O
and CC O
symptoms NNS O
predominated VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
14 CD O
patients NNS O
symptoms NNS O
had VBD O
been VBN O
present JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
past NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Symptoms NNS O
persisted VBD O
maximally RB O
40 CD O
months NNS O
since IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
age NN O
difference NN O
between IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
and CC O
without IN O
complaints NNS O
at IN O
the DT O
time NN O
of IN O
examination NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Normal JJ O
reflexes NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
two CD O
third JJ O
of IN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuropathic JJ O
complaints NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
very RB O
troublesome JJ O
on IN O
the DT O
long JJ O
term NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
with IN O
the DT O
above JJ O
mentioned VBN O
vincristine NN O
dose NN O
schedule NN O
signs NNS O
and CC O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
vincristine NN O
neuropathy NN B-Disease
are VBP O
reversible JJ O
for IN O
a DT O
great JJ O
deal NN O
and CC O
prognosis NN O
is VBZ O
fairly RB O
good JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatic JJ O
adenomas NNS B-Disease
and CC O
focal JJ B-Disease
nodular JJ I-Disease
hyperplasia NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
in IN O
young JJ O
women NNS O
on IN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
: : O
case NN O
reports NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
hepatic JJ O
adenoma NN B-Disease
and CC O
one CD O
of IN O
focal JJ B-Disease
nodular JJ I-Disease
hyperplasia NN I-Disease
presumably RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
oral JJ O
contraceptives NNS O
, , O
are VBP O
reported VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Special JJ O
reference NN O
is VBZ O
made VBN O
to IN O
their PRP$ O
clinical JJ O
presentation NN O
, , O
which WDT O
may MD O
be VB O
totally RB O
asymptomatic JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN O
- HYPH O
function NN O
tests NNS O
are VBP O
of IN O
little JJ O
diagnostic JJ O
value NN O
, , O
but CC O
valuable JJ O
information NN O
may MD O
be VB O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
both CC O
liver NN O
scanning NN O
and CC O
hepatic JJ O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histologic JJ O
differences NNS O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
similarities NNS O
between IN O
hepatic JJ O
adenoma NN B-Disease
and CC O
focal JJ B-Disease
nodular JJ I-Disease
hyperplasia NN I-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
are VBP O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Loss NN O
of IN O
glutamate NN O
decarboxylase NN O
mRNA NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
dentate NN O
gyrus NN O
following VBG O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
situ NN O
hybridization NN O
methods NNS O
were VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
determine VB O
if IN O
glutamic JJ O
acid NN O
decarboxylase NN O
( , O
GAD NN O
) -RRB- O
mRNA NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
neurons NNS O
within IN O
the DT O
hilus NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dentate NN O
gyrus NN O
are VBP O
vulnerable JJ O
to IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
damage NN O
in IN O
a DT O
model NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sprague NNP O
- HYPH O
Dawley NNP O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
injected VBN O
intraperitoneally RB O
with IN O
pilocarpine NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
hippocampal JJ O
formation NN O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
histologically RB O
at IN O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
, , O
and CC O
8 CD O
week NN O
intervals NNS O
after IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
situ NN O
hybridization NN O
histochemistry NN O
, , O
using VBG O
a DT O
digoxigenin NN O
- HYPH O
labeled VBN O
GAD NNP O
cRNA NNP O
probe NN O
, , O
demonstrated VBD O
a DT O
substantial JJ O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
GAD NNP O
mRNA NNP O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
hilus NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dentate NN O
gyrus NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
as IN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
controls NNS O
at IN O
all DT O
time NN O
intervals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Additional JJ O
neuronanatomical JJ O
studies NNS O
, , O
including VBG O
cresyl NN O
violet NN O
staining NN O
, , O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
degeneration NN I-Disease
methods NNS O
, , O
and CC O
histochemical JJ O
localization NN O
of IN O
glial NN O
fibrillary NN O
acidic JJ O
protein NN O
, , O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
GAD NNP O
mRNA NNP O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
neurons NNS O
was VBD O
related VBN O
to IN O
neuronal JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
rather RB O
than IN O
to IN O
a DT O
decrease NN O
in IN O
GAD NNP O
mRNA NNP O
levels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
loss NN O
of IN O
GAD NNP O
mRNA NNP O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
hilus NN O
contrasted VBD O
with IN O
the DT O
relative JJ O
preservation NN O
of IN O
labeled VBN O
putative JJ O
basket NN O
cells NNS O
along IN O
the DT O
inner JJ O
margin NN O
of IN O
the DT O
granule NN O
cell NN O
layer NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Quantitative JJ O
analyses NNS O
of IN O
labeled VBN O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
three CD O
regions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
dentate NN O
gyrus NN O
in IN O
the DT O
1 CD O
and CC O
2 CD O
week NN O
groups NNS O
showed VBD O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
mean JJ O
number NN O
of IN O
GAD NNP O
mRNA NNP O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
neurons NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
hilus NN O
of IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
of IN O
experimental JJ O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
molecular JJ O
layer NN O
or CC O
the DT O
granule NN O
cell NN O
layer NN O
, , O
which WDT O
included VBD O
labeled VBN O
neurons NNS O
along IN O
the DT O
lower JJR O
margin NN O
of IN O
the DT O
granule NN O
cell NN O
layer NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
, , O
in IN O
this DT O
model NN O
, , O
a DT O
subpopulation NN O
of IN O
GAD NNP O
mRNA NNP O
- , O
containing VBG O
neurons NNS O
within IN O
the DT O
dentate NN O
gyrus NN O
is VBZ O
selectively RB O
vulnerable JJ O
to IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
damage NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
differential JJ O
vulnerability NN O
appears VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
another DT O
indication NN O
of IN O
the DT O
heterogeneity NN O
of IN O
GABA NNP O
neurons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
deliberate JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
labetalol NN O
with IN O
isoflurane NN O
on IN O
neuropsychological JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
deliberate JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
on IN O
brain NN O
function NN O
measured VBN O
by IN O
neuropsychological JJ O
tests NNS O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
41 CD O
adult NN O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Twenty CD O
- HYPH O
four CD O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
anaesthetized VBN O
for IN O
middle JJ O
- HYPH O
ear NN O
surgery NN O
with IN O
deliberate JJ O
hypotension NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
labetalol NN O
with IN O
isoflurane NN O
( HYPH O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
group NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seventeen CD O
patients NNS O
without IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
served VBD O
as IN O
a DT O
control NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
was VBD O
77 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
mmHg NN O
( SYM O
10 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
kPa NN O
) -RRB- O
before IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
50 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
mmHg NN O
( SYM O
6 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
kPa NN O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
hypotensive JJ B-Disease
group NN O
, , O
and CC O
86 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
2 CD O
mmHg NN O
( SYM O
11 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
kPa NN O
) -RRB- O
during IN O
anaesthesia NN O
in IN O
the DT O
control NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
following VBG O
psychological JJ O
tests NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
: : O
four CD O
subtests NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
Wechsler NNP O
Adult NNP O
Intelligence NNP O
Scale NNP O
( : O
similarities NNS O
, , O
digit NN O
span NN O
, , O
vocabulary NN O
and CC O
digit NN O
symbol NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
Trail NNP O
- HYPH O
Making VBG O
tests NNS O
A NN O
and CC O
B NN O
, , O
Zung NNP O
tests NNS O
( : O
self NN O
- HYPH O
rating VBG O
anxiety NN B-Disease
scale NN O
and CC O
self NN O
- HYPH O
rating VBG O
depression NN B-Disease
scale NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
two CD O
- HYPH O
part NN O
memory NN O
test NN O
battery NN O
with IN O
immediate JJ O
and CC O
delayed VBN O
recall NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
tests NNS O
were VBD O
performed VBN O
preoperatively RB O
and CC O
2 CD O
days NNS O
postoperatively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
groups NNS O
in IN O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
tests NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
changes NNS O
from IN O
preoperative JJ O
value NN O
to IN O
postoperative JJ O
value NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
labetalol NN O
with IN O
isoflurane NN O
has VBZ O
no DT O
significant JJ O
harmful JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
mental JJ O
functions NNS O
compared VBN O
to IN O
normotensive JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Apparent JJ O
cure NN O
of IN O
rheumatoid NN B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
by IN O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplantation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
the DT O
induction NN O
of IN O
sustained JJ O
remissions NNS O
and CC O
possible JJ O
cure NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
erosive JJ O
rheumatoid NN B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
( , O
RA NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
by IN O
bone NN O
marrow NN O
transplantation NN O
( , O
BMT NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
2 CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BMT NNP O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
treat VB O
severe JJ O
aplastic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
which WDT O
was VBD O
caused VBN O
by IN O
gold NN O
in IN O
one CD O
case NN O
and CC O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
8 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
years NNS O
since IN O
the DT O
transplants NNS O
( , O
representing VBG O
8 CD O
and CC O
4 CD O
years NNS O
since IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
all DT O
immunosuppressive JJ O
therapy NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) , O
, , O
the DT O
RA NNP B-Disease
in IN O
each DT O
case NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
completely RB O
quiescent JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
short JJ O
term NN O
remission NN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
RA NNP B-Disease
following VBG O
BMT NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
, , O
these DT O
are VBP O
the DT O
first JJ O
cases NNS O
for IN O
which WDT O
prolonged VBN O
followup NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
available JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
experience NN O
raises VBZ O
the DT O
question NN O
of IN O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
BMT NNP O
itself PRP O
as IN O
a DT O
therapeutic JJ O
option NN O
for IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
uncontrolled JJ O
destructive JJ O
synovitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Seizures NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
combined VBN O
levomepromazine NN O
- HYPH O
fluvoxamine NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
combined VBN O
levomepromazine NN O
- HYPH O
fluvoxamine NN O
treatment NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
seems VBZ O
that IN O
combined VBN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
fluvoxamine NN O
with IN O
phenothiazines NNS O
may MD O
possess VB O
proconvulsive JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Case NN O
report NN O
: : O
pentamidine NN O
and CC O
polymorphic NN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
revisited VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pentamidine NN O
isethionate NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachyarrhythmias NNS I-Disease
, , O
including VBG O
torsade NN B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
article NN O
reports VBZ O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
complication NN O
and CC O
reviews VBZ O
all DT O
reported VBN O
cases NNS O
to IN O
date NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pentamidine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
torsade NN B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
serum NN O
magnesium NN O
levels NNS O
and CC O
hypomagnesemia NN B-Disease
may MD O
synergistically RB O
induce VB O
torsade NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Torsade NNP B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
occurred VBD O
after IN O
an DT O
average NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
pentamidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
, , O
no DT O
other JJ O
acute JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
pentamidine NN O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Torsade NNP B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
can MD O
be VB O
treated VBN O
when WRB O
recognized VBN O
early RB O
, , O
possibly RB O
without IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
pentamidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
QTc NNP B-Disease
interval JJ I-Disease
prolongation NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
observed VBN O
, , O
early JJ O
magnesium NN O
supplementation NN O
is VBZ O
advocated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Efficacy NN O
and CC O
tolerability NN O
of IN O
lovastatin NN O
in IN O
3390 CD O
women NNS O
with IN O
moderate JJ O
hypercholesterolemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
of IN O
lovastatin NN O
in IN O
women NNS O
with IN O
moderate JJ O
hypercholesterolemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
The DT O
Expanded NNP O
Clinical NNP O
Evaluation NNP O
of IN O
Lovastatin NNP O
( , O
EXCEL NNP O
) -RRB- O
Study NNP O
, , O
a DT O
multicenter JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
diet NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
trial NN O
, , O
in IN O
which WDT O
participants NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
placebo NN O
or CC O
lovastatin NN O
at IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
20 CD O
or CC O
40 CD O
mg NNS O
once RB O
daily RB O
, , O
or CC O
20 CD O
or CC O
40 CD O
mg NN O
twice RB O
daily RB O
for IN O
48 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING NN O
: : O
Ambulatory JJ O
patients NNS O
recruited VBN O
by IN O
362 CD O
participating VBG O
centers NNS O
throughout IN O
the DT O
United NNP O
States NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
: : O
Women NNS O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
3390 CD O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
cohort NN O
of IN O
8245 CD O
volunteers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MEASUREMENTS NNS O
: : O
Plasma NN O
total NN O
, , O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
density NN O
lipoprotein NN O
( , O
LDL NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
density NN O
lipoprotein NN O
( -LRB- O
HDL NN O
) , O
cholesterol NN O
, , O
and CC O
triglycerides NNS O
; , O
and CC O
laboratory NN O
and CC O
clinical JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
monitored VBN O
periodically RB O
throughout IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Among IN O
women NNS O
, , O
lovastatin NN O
( , O
20 CD O
to TO O
80 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
d CD O
) -RRB- O
produced VBD O
sustained VBN O
( SYM O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
to TO O
48 CD O
- HYPH O
week NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
changes NNS O
( -LRB- O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
: : O
decreases NNS O
in IN O
LDL NNP O
cholesterol NN O
( : O
24 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
40 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
triglycerides NNS O
( , O
9 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
18 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
increases NNS O
in IN O
HDL NNP O
cholesterol NN O
( : O
6 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
8 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Depending VBG O
on IN O
the DT O
dose NN O
, , O
from IN O
82 CD O
% NN O
to IN O
95 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
lovastatin NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
women NNS O
achieved VBD O
the DT O
National NNP O
Cholesterol NNP O
Education NNP O
Program NNP O
goal NN O
of IN O
LDL NNP O
cholesterol NN O
levels NNS O
less JJR O
than IN O
4 CD O
. . O
14 CD O
mmol NN O
/ SYM O
L NNP O
( SYM O
160 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
40 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
87 CD O
% NN O
achieved VBD O
the DT O
goal NN O
of IN O
3 CD O
. . O
36 CD O
mmol NN O
/ SYM O
L NN O
( : O
130 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
dL NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Successive JJ O
transaminase NN O
elevations NNS O
greater JJR O
than IN O
three CD O
times NNS O
the DT O
upper JJ O
limit NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
women NNS O
and CC O
were VBD O
dose NN O
dependent JJ O
above IN O
the DT O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
mg NN O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Myopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
defined VBN O
as IN O
muscle NN O
symptoms NNS O
with IN O
creatine JJ O
kinase NN O
elevations NNS O
greater JJR O
than IN O
10 CD O
times NNS O
the DT O
upper JJ O
limit NN O
of IN O
normal JJ O
, , O
was VBD O
rare JJ O
and CC O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
highest JJS O
recommended VBN O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
lovastatin NN O
( : O
80 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Estrogen NN O
- HYPH O
replacement NN O
therapy NN O
appeared VBD O
to TO O
have VB O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
either CC O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
or CC O
safety NN O
profile NN O
of IN O
lovastatin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Lovastatin NN O
is VBZ O
highly RB O
effective JJ O
and CC O
generally RB O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
as IN O
therapy NN O
for IN O
primary JJ O
hypercholesterolemia NN B-Disease
in IN O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tetany NN B-Disease
and CC O
rhabdomyolysis NN B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
surreptitious JJ O
furosemide NN O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
importance NN O
of IN O
magnesium NN O
supplementation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diuretics NNS O
may MD O
induce VB O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
, , O
hypocalcemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
hypomagnesemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
severe JJ O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
may MD O
cause VB O
muscle NN B-Disease
weakness NN I-Disease
, , O
severe JJ O
hypomagnesemia NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
spasms NNS I-Disease
and CC O
tetany NN B-Disease
which WDT O
cannot MD O
be VB O
corrected VBN O
by IN O
potassium NN O
and CC O
calcium NN O
supplementation NN O
alone RB O
( : O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Surreptitious JJ O
diuretic JJ O
ingestion NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
described VBN O
, , O
mainly RB O
in IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
are VBP O
concerned JJ O
that IN O
they PRP O
are VBP O
obese JJ B-Disease
or CC O
edematous JJ B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Symptomatic JJ O
hypokalemia NN B-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
in IN O
such JJ O
patients NNS O
( , O
3 CD O
- SYM O
7 CD O
) , O
and CC O
in IN O
one CD O
case NN O
hypocalcemia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
( , O
8 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
magnesium NN O
depletion NN O
were VBD O
not RB O
noted VBN O
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ciprofloxacin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
ciprofloxacin NN O
is VBZ O
uncommon JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
who WP O
developed VBD O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
that WDT O
followed VBD O
treatment NN O
with IN O
ciprofloxacin NN O
are VBP O
described VBN O
and CC O
an DT O
additional JJ O
15 CD O
cases NNS O
reported VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
are VBP O
reviewed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Other JJ O
than IN O
elevation NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
characteristic JJ O
clinical JJ O
manifestations NNS O
and CC O
abnormal JJ O
laboratory NN O
findings NNS O
are VBP O
not RB O
frequently RB O
present JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Allergic JJ O
interstitial JJ B-Disease
nephritis NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
believed VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
the DT O
underlying VBG O
pathological JJ O
- HYPH O
process NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Definitive JJ O
diagnosis NN O
requires VBZ O
performance NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
biopsy NN O
, , O
although IN O
this DT O
is VBZ O
not RB O
always RB O
feasible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
An DT O
improvement NN O
in IN O
renal JJ O
function NN O
that WDT O
followed VBD O
the DT O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
offending VBG O
antibiotic NN O
supports VBZ O
the DT O
presumptive JJ O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
ciprofloxacin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Venous JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
of IN O
midazolam NN O
versus IN O
diazepam NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
some DT O
studies NNS O
have VBP O
suggested VBN O
fewer JJR O
venous JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
are VBP O
associated VBN O
with IN O
midazolam NN O
than IN O
with IN O
diazepam NN O
for IN O
endoscopic JJ O
procedures NNS O
, , O
this DT O
variable NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
well RB O
documented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
prospectively RB O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
after IN O
intravenous JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
diazepam NN O
or CC O
midazolam NN O
in IN O
122 CD O
consecutive JJ O
patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
colonoscopy NN O
and CC O
esophagogastroduodenoscopy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Overall RB O
, , O
venous JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
more RBR O
frequent JJ O
with IN O
diazepam NN O
( , O
22 CD O
of IN O
62 CD O
patients NNS O
) , O
than IN O
with IN O
midazolam NN O
( , O
4 CD O
of IN O
60 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
palpable JJ O
venous NN O
cord NN O
was VBD O
present JJ O
in IN O
23 CD O
% NN O
( , O
14 CD O
of IN O
62 CD O
) , O
of IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
diazepam NN O
group NN O
, , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
2 CD O
% NN O
( , O
1 CD O
of IN O
60 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
midazolam NN O
group NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
002 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
at IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
site NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
35 CD O
% NN O
( , O
22 CD O
of IN O
62 CD O
) , O
of IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
diazepam NN O
group NN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
7 CD O
% NN O
( , O
4 CD O
of IN O
60 CD O
patients NNS O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
midazolam NN O
group NN O
( : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Swelling NN B-Disease
and CC O
warmth NN O
at IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
site NN O
were VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
different JJ O
between IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Smoking NN O
, , O
nonsteroidal JJ O
anti JJ O
- HYPH O
inflammatory JJ O
drug NN O
use NN O
, , O
intravenous JJ O
catheter NN O
site NN O
, , O
dwell NN O
time NN O
of IN O
the DT O
needle NN O
, , O
alcohol NN O
use NN O
, , O
and CC O
pain NN B-Disease
during IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
complications NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clarithromycin NN O
- HYPH O
associated VBN O
visual JJ B-Disease
hallucinations NNS I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
on IN O
continuous JJ O
ambulatory JJ O
peritoneal JJ O
dialysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Visual JJ B-Disease
hallucinations NNS I-Disease
are VBP O
a DT O
rare JJ O
event NN O
in IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
and CC O
not RB O
related VBN O
to IN O
uremia NN B-Disease
per FW O
se FW O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Unreported JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
is VBZ O
visual JJ B-Disease
hallucinations NNS I-Disease
occurring VBG O
in IN O
association NN O
with IN O
the DT O
new JJ O
macrolide NN O
antibiotic NN O
, , O
clarithromycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
such PDT O
a DT O
case NN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
with IN O
end NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
stage NN I-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
maintained VBN O
on IN O
continuous JJ O
ambulatory JJ O
peritoneal JJ O
dialysis NN O
( , O
CAPD NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
a DT O
relatively RB O
high JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
clarithromycin NN O
in IN O
face NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
functionally RB O
anephric JJ O
patient NN O
, , O
with IN O
underlying VBG O
aluminum NN O
intoxication NN O
, , O
may MD O
have VB O
facilitated VBN O
the DT O
appearance NN O
of IN O
this DT O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
side NN O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
important JJ O
to TO O
understand VB O
the DT O
pharmacokinetics NNS O
of IN O
medications NNS O
in IN O
face NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
, , O
the DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
interactions NNS O
, , O
and CC O
how WRB O
these DT O
factors NNS O
should MD O
help VB O
guide VB O
medication NN O
therapy NN O
in IN O
the DT O
ESRD NNP B-Disease
patient NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Changes NNS O
in IN O
peroxisomes NNS O
in IN O
preneoplastic JJ O
liver NN O
and CC O
hepatoma NN B-Disease
of IN O
mice NN O
induced VBN O
by IN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
benzene NN O
hexachloride NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peroxisomes NNS O
in IN O
hepatomas NNS B-Disease
and CC O
hyperplastic JJ O
preneoplastic JJ O
liver NN B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
induced VBN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
by IN O
500 CD O
ppm NN O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
benzene NN O
hexachloride NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
histochemically RB O
and CC O
electron NN O
microscopically RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
most JJS O
of IN O
the DT O
hepatomas NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
well RB O
- HYPH O
differentiated VBN O
tumors NNS B-Disease
and CC O
contained VBD O
a DT O
considerable JJ O
number NN O
of IN O
peroxisomes NNS O
, , O
the DT O
tumor NN B-Disease
cells NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
respond VB O
to IN O
ethyl NN O
- HYPH O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
p NN O
- HYPH O
chlorophenoxyisobutyrate NN O
with IN O
proliferation NN O
of IN O
peroxisomes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
the DT O
16th JJ O
week NN O
of IN O
carcinogen NN O
feeding NN O
, , O
hyperplastic JJ O
nodules NNS O
appeared VBD O
and CC O
advanced VBD O
to IN O
further JJ O
stages NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
majority NN O
of IN O
the DT O
nodules NNS O
showed VBD O
a DT O
considerable JJ O
number NN O
of IN O
peroxisomes NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
inductive JJ O
proliferation NN O
of IN O
peroxisomes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Within IN O
the DT O
nodules NNS O
, , O
foci NN O
of IN O
proliferation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cells NNS O
that WDT O
showed VBD O
no DT O
inducibility NN O
of IN O
proliferation NN O
of IN O
peroxisomes NNS O
appeared VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
cells NNS O
proliferated VBD O
further RBR O
, , O
replacing VBG O
the DT O
most JJS O
part NN O
of IN O
the DT O
nodules NNS O
, , O
and CC O
with IN O
this DT O
process NN O
hepatomas NNS B-Disease
appeared VBD O
to TO O
have VB O
been VBN O
formed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
abnormal JJ O
matrical JJ O
inclusions NNS O
of IN O
peroxisomes NNS O
were VBD O
formed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
cells NNS O
of IN O
hyperplastic JJ O
nodules NNS O
by IN O
ethyl NN O
- HYPH O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
p NN O
- HYPH O
chlorophenoxyisobutyrate NN O
unlike IN O
in IN O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Contribution NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sympathetic JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
to IN O
salt NN O
- HYPH O
sensitivity NN O
in IN O
lifetime NN O
captopril NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
spontaneously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
test VB O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
, , O
in IN O
lifetime NN O
captopril NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
spontaneously RB O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
rats NNS O
( , O
SHR NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
sympathetic JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
contributes VBZ O
importantly RB O
to IN O
the DT O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
dietary JJ O
sodium NN O
chloride NN O
supplementation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Male NNP O
SHR NNP O
( -LRB- O
aged JJ O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
) -RRB- O
that WDT O
had VBD O
been VBN O
treated VBN O
from IN O
conception NN O
onward RB O
with IN O
either CC O
captopril NN O
or CC O
vehicle NN O
remained VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
basal JJ O
sodium NN O
chloride NN O
diet NN O
or CC O
were VBD O
fed VBN O
a DT O
high JJ O
sodium NN O
chloride NN O
diet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
2 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
the DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
subjected VBN O
to IN O
ganglionic JJ O
blockade NN O
and CC O
2 CD O
days NNS O
later RB O
, , O
an DT O
infusion NN O
of IN O
clonidine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Lifetime NN O
captopril NN O
treatment NN O
significantly RB O
lowered VBD O
mean JJ O
arterial JJ O
pressure NN O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Intravenous JJ O
infusion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ganglionic JJ O
blocker NN O
hexamethonium NN O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
rapid JJ O
decline NN O
in IN O
MAP NNP O
that WDT O
eliminated VBD O
the DT O
dietary JJ O
sodium NN O
chloride NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
increase NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
MAP NNP I-Disease
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Infusion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
central JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
alpha2 NN O
- HYPH O
adrenergic JJ O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
clonidine NN O
also RB O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
greater JJR O
reduction NN O
in IN O
MAP NNP O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
of IN O
SHR NNP O
that WDT O
were VBD O
fed VBN O
the DT O
high JJ O
( , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
basal JJ O
) , O
sodium NN O
chloride NN O
diet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
both CC O
lifetime NN O
captopril NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
and CC O
control NN O
SHR NN O
, , O
the DT O
sympathetic JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
contributes VBZ O
to IN O
the DT O
pressor NN O
effects NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
sodium NN O
chloride NN O
diet NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angioedema NNP B-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
droperidol NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Angioedema NNP B-Disease
, , O
also RB O
known VBN O
as IN O
angioneurotic JJ B-Disease
edema NN I-Disease
or CC O
Quincke NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
is VBZ O
a DT O
well RB O
- HYPH O
demarcated VBN O
, , O
localized VBN O
edema NN B-Disease
involving VBG O
the DT O
subcutaneous JJ O
tissues NNS O
that WDT O
may MD O
cause VB O
upper JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
airway NN I-Disease
obstruction NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
previously RB O
healthy JJ O
19 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
man NN O
with IN O
no DT O
known VBN O
drug NN B-Disease
allergies NNS I-Disease
in IN O
whom WP O
angioedema NN B-Disease
with IN O
significant JJ O
tongue NN B-Disease
swelling NN I-Disease
and CC O
protrusion NN O
developed VBD O
within IN O
10 CD O
minutes NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
IV NN O
dose NN O
of IN O
droperidol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Late JJ O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
after IN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
a DT O
malignant JJ O
bone NN B-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiac JJ O
function NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
in IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
survivors NNS O
of IN O
malignant JJ O
bone NN B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
who WP O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
according VBG O
to IN O
Rosen NNP O
' POS O
s NN O
T5 NNP O
or CC O
T10 CD O
protocol NN O
, , O
both DT O
including VBG O
doxorubicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
one CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
age NN O
10 CD O
- SYM O
45 CD O
years NNS O
( , O
median NN O
age NN O
17 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
2 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
- SYM O
14 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
years NNS O
( : O
median NN O
8 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
following VBG O
completion NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cumulative JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
were VBD O
225 CD O
- SYM O
550 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
( HYPH O
median JJ O
dose NN O
360 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
evaluation NN O
consisted VBD O
of IN O
a DT O
history NN O
, , O
physical JJ O
examination NN O
, , O
electrocardiogram NN O
( , O
ECG NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
signal NN O
averaged VBN O
ECG NNP O
, , O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
ambulatory JJ O
ECG NNP O
, , O
echocardiography NN O
and CC O
radionuclide NN O
angiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Eighteen CD O
of IN O
31 CD O
( SYM O
58 CD O
% NN O
) SYM O
patients NNS O
showed VBD O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
, , O
defined VBN O
as IN O
having VBG O
one CD O
or CC O
more JJR O
of IN O
the DT O
following VBG O
abnormalities NNS O
: : O
late JJ O
potentials NNS O
, , O
complex JJ O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
, , O
left VBN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
dilation NN I-Disease
, , O
decreased VBN O
shortening VBG O
fraction NN O
, , O
or CC O
decreased VBN O
ejection NN O
fraction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
increased VBD O
with IN O
length NN O
of IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
( : O
P NN O
< : O
or CC O
= SYM O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
correlation NN O
could MD O
be VB O
demonstrated VBN O
between IN O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
and CC O
cardiac JJ O
status NN O
, , O
except IN O
for IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
variability NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
adjusted VBN O
to IN O
body NN O
surface NN O
area NN O
, , O
the DT O
left JJ O
ventricular JJ O
posterior NN O
wall NN O
thickness NN O
( , O
LVPW NNP O
index NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
decreased VBN O
in IN O
all DT O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
high JJ O
and CC O
increases VBZ O
with IN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
, , O
irrespective JJ O
of IN O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Life NN O
- HYPH O
long JJ O
cardiac NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
in IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
is VBZ O
warranted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
our PRP$ O
study NN O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
heart NN O
rate NN O
variability NN O
and CC O
LVPW NNP O
index NN O
could MD O
be VB O
sensitive JJ O
indicators NNS O
for IN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
elevations NNS O
with IN O
caffeine NN O
in IN O
men NNS O
with IN O
borderline JJ O
systemic JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Whether IN O
the DT O
vasoconstrictive JJ O
actions NNS O
of IN O
caffeine NN O
are VBP O
enhanced VBN O
in IN O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
persons NNS O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
demonstrated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
caffeine NN O
( , O
3 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
) -RRB- O
versus IN O
placebo NN O
was VBD O
tested VBN O
in IN O
48 CD O
healthy JJ O
men NNS O
( , O
aged VBN O
20 CD O
to TO O
35 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
selected VBN O
after IN O
screening NN O
on IN O
2 CD O
separate JJ O
occasions NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Borderline NN O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
men NNS O
( , O
n NN O
= SYM O
24 CD O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
selected VBN O
with IN O
screening NN O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
( -LRB- O
BP NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
140 CD O
to TO O
160 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
diastolic JJ O
BP NN O
90 CD O
to IN O
99 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Low JJ O
- HYPH O
risk NN O
controls NNS O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
24 CD O
) -RRB- O
reported VBD O
no DT O
parental JJ O
history NN O
of IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
and CC O
had VBD O
screening NN O
BP NNP O
< SYM O
130 CD O
/ SYM O
85 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Participants NNS O
were VBD O
then RB O
tested VBN O
on IN O
2 CD O
occasions NNS O
after IN O
12 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
abstinence NN O
from IN O
caffeine NN O
in IN O
each DT O
of IN O
2 CD O
protocols NNS O
; : O
this DT O
required VBD O
a DT O
total NN O
of IN O
4 CD O
laboratory NN O
visits NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Caffeine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
diastolic JJ O
BP NN O
were VBD O
2 CD O
to IN O
3 CD O
times NNS O
larger JJR O
in IN O
borderline NN O
subjects NNS O
than IN O
in IN O
controls NNS O
( : O
+ SYM O
8 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
vs NN O
+ SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
were VBD O
attributable JJ O
to IN O
larger JJR O
changes NNS O
in IN O
impedance NN O
- HYPH O
derived VBN O
measures NNS O
of IN O
systemic JJ O
vascular JJ O
resistance NN O
( : O
+ SYM O
135 CD O
vs IN O
+ SYM O
45 CD O
dynes NNS O
. . O
s NN O
. . O
cm NN O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
, , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
004 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
were VBD O
consistent JJ O
and CC O
reached VBD O
significance NN O
in IN O
both DT O
protocols NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
percentage NN O
of IN O
borderline NN O
subjects NNS O
in IN O
whom WP O
diastolic JJ O
BP NNP O
changes NNS O
exceeded VBD O
the DT O
median JJ O
control NN O
response NN O
was VBD O
96 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Consequently RB O
, , O
whereas IN O
all DT O
participants NNS O
exhibited VBD O
normotensive JJ O
levels NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
resting VBG O
predrug NN O
baseline NN O
, , O
33 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
borderline NN O
subjects NNS O
achieved VBD O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
BP NNP O
levels NNS O
after IN O
caffeine NN O
ingestion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thus RB O
, , O
in IN O
borderline JJ O
hypertensive JJ B-Disease
men NNS O
, , O
exaggerated VBN O
responses NNS O
to IN O
caffeine NN O
were VBD O
: : O
selective JJ O
for IN O
diastolic JJ O
BP NN O
, , O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
greater JJR O
vasoconstriction NN O
, , O
replicated VBN O
in IN O
2 CD O
protocols NNS O
, , O
and CC O
representative JJ O
of IN O
nearly RB O
all DT O
borderline NN O
hypertensives NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
suspect VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
potential NN O
for IN O
caffeine NN O
to TO O
stabilize VB O
high JJ O
resistance NN O
states NNS O
in IN O
susceptible JJ O
persons NNS O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
its PRP$ O
use NN O
may MD O
facilitate VB O
their PRP$ O
disease NN O
progression NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
hinder VB O
accurate JJ O
diagnosis NN O
and CC O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Absence NN O
of IN O
effect NN O
of IN O
sertraline NN O
on IN O
time NN O
- HYPH O
based VBN O
sensitization NN O
of IN O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
with IN O
haloperidol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
randomized JJ O
, , O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
study NN O
evaluated VBD O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
alone RB O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
plus CC O
sertraline NN O
on IN O
cognitive JJ O
and CC O
psychomotor NN O
function NN O
in IN O
24 CD O
healthy JJ O
male JJ O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
All DT O
subjects NNS O
received VBD O
placebo NN O
on IN O
Day NN O
1 CD O
and CC O
haloperidol NN O
2 CD O
mg NN O
on IN O
Days NNP O
2 CD O
and CC O
25 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
Days NNP O
9 CD O
to IN O
25 CD O
, , O
subjects NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to IN O
either CC O
sertraline NN O
( , O
12 CD O
subjects NNS O
) , O
or CC O
placebo NN O
( , O
12 CD O
subjects NNS O
) -RRB- O
; : O
the DT O
sertraline NN O
dose NN O
was VBD O
titrated VBN O
from IN O
50 CD O
to IN O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
from IN O
Days NNP O
9 CD O
to IN O
16 CD O
, , O
and CC O
remained VBD O
at IN O
200 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
day NN O
for IN O
the DT O
final JJ O
10 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
administration NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cognitive JJ O
function NN O
testing NN O
was VBD O
performed VBN O
before IN O
dosing NN O
and CC O
over IN O
a DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
period NN O
after IN O
dosing VBG O
on IN O
Days NNS O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
and CC O
25 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Impairment NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
cognitive JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
6 CD O
to IN O
8 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
on IN O
Day NNP O
2 CD O
but CC O
was VBD O
not RB O
evident JJ O
23 CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
dosing VBG O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
haloperidol NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
again RB O
25 CD O
days NNS O
later RB O
, , O
greater JJR O
impairment NN O
with IN O
earlier JJR O
onset NN O
was VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
several JJ O
tests NNS O
in IN O
both DT O
treatment NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
enhancement NN O
of IN O
this DT O
effect NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
indication NN O
that IN O
sertraline NN O
exacerbated VBD O
the DT O
impairment NN O
produced VBN O
by IN O
haloperidol NN O
since IN O
an DT O
equivalent JJ O
effect NN O
also RB O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Three CD O
subjects NNS O
( , O
2 CD O
on IN O
sertraline NN O
and CC O
1 CD O
on IN O
placebo NN O
) , O
withdrew VBD O
from IN O
the DT O
study NN O
because IN O
of IN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
subjects NNS O
in IN O
each DT O
group NN O
reported VBD O
side JJ O
effects NNS O
related VBN O
to IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
side NN O
effect NN O
profiles NNS O
of IN O
sertraline NN O
and CC O
of IN O
placebo NN O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Haloperidol NNP O
produced VBD O
a DT O
clear JJ O
profile NN O
of IN O
cognitive JJ B-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
that WDT O
was VBD O
not RB O
worsened VBN O
by IN O
concomitant JJ O
sertraline NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coexistence NN O
of IN O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
venous JJ I-Disease
sinus NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
internal JJ I-Disease
carotid JJ I-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
thrombosis NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
exogenous JJ O
sex NN O
hormones NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
case NN O
report NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
forty CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
premenopausal JJ O
woman NN O
developed VBD O
headache NN B-Disease
, , O
nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
, , O
left JJ O
hemiparesis NN B-Disease
and CC O
seizure NN B-Disease
two CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
parenteral JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
progesterone NN O
and CC O
estradiol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diabetes NN B-Disease
mellitus NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
DM NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
found VBN O
during IN O
admission NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Computed JJ O
tomography NN O
showed VBD O
a DT O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
infarct NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
frontal JJ O
lobe NN O
and CC O
increased VBN O
density NN O
in IN O
the DT O
superior JJ O
sagittal JJ O
sinus NN O
( , O
SSS NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Left JJ O
carotid NN O
angiography NN O
found VBD O
occlusion NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
left JJ I-Disease
internal JJ I-Disease
carotid JJ I-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
( , O
ICA NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Right JJ O
carotid NN O
angiograms NNS O
failed VBD O
to TO O
show VB O
the DT O
SSS NNP O
and CC O
inferior JJ O
sagittal JJ O
sinus NN O
, , O
suggestive JJ O
of IN O
venous JJ B-Disease
sinus NN I-Disease
thrombosis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Coexistence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cerebral JJ B-Disease
artery NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
venous JJ I-Disease
sinus NN I-Disease
occlusion NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
described VBN O
infrequently RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
case NN O
, , O
the DT O
authors NNS O
postulate VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
estradiol NN O
and CC O
progesterone NN O
and CC O
the DT O
underlying VBG O
DM NN B-Disease
increased VBD O
vascular JJ O
thrombogenicity NN O
, , O
which WDT O
provided VBD O
a DT O
common JJ O
denominator NN O
for IN O
thrombosis NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
both CC I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
ICA NNP I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
venous JJ I-Disease
sinus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chemotherapy NN O
of IN O
advanced JJ O
inoperable JJ O
non JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
small JJ I-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
lung NN I-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
with IN O
paclitaxel NN O
: : O
a DT O
phase NN O
II NNP O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Paclitaxel NNP O
( : O
Taxol NNP O
; : O
Bristol NNP O
- HYPH O
Myers NNP O
Squibb NNP O
Company NNP O
, , O
Princeton NNP O
, , O
NJ NNP O
) -RRB- O
has VBZ O
demonstrated VBN O
significant JJ O
antineoplastic JJ O
activity NN O
against IN O
different JJ O
tumor NN B-Disease
types NNS O
, , O
notably RB O
ovarian JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
breast NN I-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
phase NN O
II NNP O
trials NNS O
of IN O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
paclitaxel NN O
infusions NNS O
in IN O
chemotherapy NN O
- HYPH O
naive JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
stage NN O
IIIB NNP O
or CC O
IV NN O
non JJ B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
small JJ I-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
lung NN I-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
reported VBD O
response NN O
rates NNS O
of IN O
21 CD O
% NN O
and CC O
24 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Leukopenia NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
dose NN O
limiting VBG O
: : O
as RB O
many JJ O
as IN O
62 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
experienced VBD O
grade NN O
4 CD O
leukopenia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
investigated VBD O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
a DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
paclitaxel NN O
infusion NN O
in IN O
a DT O
phase NN O
II NNP O
trial NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
inoperable JJ O
stage NN O
IIIB NNP O
or CC O
IV NN O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
58 CD O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
( : O
41 CD O
men NNS O
and CC O
17 CD O
women NNS O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
a DT O
median JJ O
age NN O
of IN O
59 CD O
years NNS O
( , O
age NN O
range NN O
, , O
25 CD O
to TO O
75 CD O
) CD O
and CC O
a DT O
performance NN O
status NN O
of IN O
0 CD O
through IN O
2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Most JJS O
patients NNS O
( : O
72 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
stage NN O
IV NN O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Paclitaxel NNP O
225 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
was VBD O
infused VBN O
over IN O
3 CD O
hours NNS O
every DT O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
with IN O
standard JJ O
prophylactic JJ O
premedication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
50 CD O
patients NNS O
evaluable JJ O
for IN O
response NN O
, , O
12 CD O
( SYM O
24 CD O
% NN O
) , O
had VBD O
partial JJ O
remission NN O
, , O
26 CD O
( SYM O
52 CD O
% NN O
) , O
had VBD O
no DT O
change NN O
, , O
and CC O
12 CD O
had VBD O
disease NN O
progression NN O
( : O
24 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hematologic JJ O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
mild JJ O
: : O
only RB O
one CD O
patient NN O
( : O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
grade NN O
3 CD O
or CC O
4 CD O
neutropenia NN B-Disease
, , O
while IN O
29 CD O
% NN O
had VBD O
grade NN O
1 CD O
or CC O
2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Grade NN O
1 CD O
or CC O
2 CD O
polyneuropathy NN B-Disease
affected VBD O
56 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
while IN O
only RB O
one CD O
( SYM O
2 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
experienced VBD O
severe JJ O
polyneuropathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similarly RB O
, , O
grade NN O
1 CD O
or CC O
2 CD O
myalgia NN B-Disease
/ SYM O
arthralgia NN B-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
63 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
, , O
but CC O
only RB O
14 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
experienced VBD O
grade NN O
3 CD O
or CC O
4 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nausea NN B-Disease
and CC O
vomiting NN B-Disease
were VBD O
infrequent JJ O
, , O
with IN O
14 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
experiencing VBG O
grade NN O
1 CD O
or CC O
2 CD O
and CC O
only RB O
2 CD O
% NN O
experiencing VBG O
grade NN O
3 CD O
or CC O
4 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Paclitaxel NNP O
is VBZ O
thus RB O
an DT O
active JJ O
single JJ O
agent NN O
in IN O
this DT O
patient JJ O
population NN O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
infusion NN O
proving VBG O
comparably RB O
effective JJ O
to IN O
a DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
infusion NN O
and CC O
superior JJ O
in IN O
terms NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
hematologic JJ O
and CC O
nonhematologic JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Further JJ O
phase NN O
II NNP O
studies NNS O
with IN O
paclitaxel NN O
combined VBN O
with IN O
other JJ O
drugs NNS O
active JJ O
against IN O
NSCLC NNP B-Disease
are VBP O
indicated VBN O
, , O
and CC O
phase NN O
III NNP O
studies NNS O
comparing VBG O
paclitaxel NN O
with IN O
standard JJ O
chemotherapy NN O
remain VBP O
to TO O
be VB O
completed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Paclitaxel NNP O
combined VBD O
with IN O
carboplatin NN O
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
- HYPH O
line NN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
advanced JJ O
ovarian JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
phase NN O
I PRP O
study VBP O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
maximum JJ O
tolerated JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
paclitaxel NN O
( , O
Taxol NNP O
; : O
Bristol NNP O
- HYPH O
Myers NNP O
Squibb NNP O
Company NNP O
, , O
Princeton NNP O
, , O
NJ NNP O
) -RRB- O
given VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
infusion NN O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
carboplatin NN O
administered VBN O
every DT O
21 CD O
days NNS O
to IN O
women NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
ovarian JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
paclitaxel NN O
doses NNS O
were VBD O
escalated VBN O
as IN O
follows VBZ O
: : O
level NN O
1 CD O
, , O
135 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
; : O
level NN O
2 CD O
, , O
160 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
; : O
level NN O
3 CD O
, , O
185 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
; , O
and CC O
level NN O
4 CD O
, , O
210 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
fixed VBN O
dose NN O
of IN O
carboplatin NN O
at IN O
levels NNS O
1 CD O
through IN O
4 CD O
was VBD O
given VBN O
to TO O
achieve VB O
an DT O
area NN O
under IN O
the DT O
concentration NN O
- HYPH O
time NN O
curve NN O
( -LRB- O
AUC NNP O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
5 CD O
using VBG O
the DT O
Calvert NNP O
formula NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
levels NNS O
5 CD O
and CC O
6 CD O
the DT O
carboplatin NN O
dose NN O
was VBD O
targeted VBN O
at IN O
AUCs NNS O
of IN O
6 CD O
and CC O
7 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
respectively RB O
, , O
combined VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
fixed VBN O
paclitaxel JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
185 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To IN O
date NN O
, , O
30 CD O
previously RB O
untreated JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
all DT O
with IN O
a DT O
good JJ O
performance NN O
status NN O
( , O
Eastern NNP O
Cooperative NNP O
Oncology NNP O
Group NNP O
0 CD O
to IN O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
have VBP O
been VBN O
entered VBN O
into IN O
this DT O
ongoing JJ O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
limiting VBG O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
was VBD O
myelosuppression NN B-Disease
( , O
leukopenia NN B-Disease
, , O
granulocytopenia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
largely RB O
moderate JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
So RB O
far RB O
, , O
14 CD O
patients NNS O
are VBP O
evaluable JJ O
for IN O
response NN O
; : O
of IN O
these DT O
, , O
eight CD O
( SYM O
57 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
showed VBD O
objective JJ O
( , O
complete JJ O
or CC O
partial JJ O
) , O
response NN O
and CC O
disease NN O
stabilized VBN O
in IN O
six CD O
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
patient NN O
had VBD O
disease NN O
progression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
combination NN O
of IN O
paclitaxel NN O
185 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 CD O
administered VBN O
as IN O
a DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
infusion NN O
followed VBN O
immediately RB O
by IN O
a DT O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
hour NN O
infusion NN O
of IN O
carboplatin NN O
at IN O
an DT O
AUC NNP O
of IN O
6 CD O
can MD O
be VB O
administered VBN O
safely RB O
in IN O
a DT O
21 CD O
- HYPH O
day NN O
schedule NN O
in IN O
the DT O
outpatient JJ O
setting NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
recommended VBN O
dose NN O
for IN O
phase NN O
III NNP O
studies NNS O
is VBZ O
paclitaxel NN O
185 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
m2 NN O
and CC O
carboplatin NN O
AUC NNP O
6 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
acute JJ O
steroid NN O
administration NN O
on IN O
ventilatory JJ O
and CC O
peripheral JJ O
muscles NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Occasional JJ O
case NN O
reports NNS O
have VBP O
shown VBN O
that IN O
acute JJ O
myopathy NN B-Disease
may MD O
occur VB O
in IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
massive JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
corticosteroids NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
this DT O
myopathy NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
poorly RB O
understood VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
60 CD O
male JJ O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
randomly RB O
assigned VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
daily JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
saline NN O
( , O
C NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
methylprednisolone NN O
( , O
M NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
triamcinolone NN O
( -LRB- O
T NNP O
) SYM O
80 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
/ SYM O
d VBN O
for IN O
5 CD O
d NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nutritional JJ O
intake NN O
, , O
measured VBN O
daily RB O
in IN O
15 CD O
animals NNS O
, , O
showed VBD O
a DT O
significant JJ O
reduction NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
food NN I-Disease
intake NN I-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
steroid NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
groups NNS O
( : O
- HYPH O
50 CD O
and CC O
- SYM O
79 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
M NNP O
and CC O
T NNP O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
similar JJ O
loss NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
body NN I-Disease
weight NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
45 CD O
remaining VBG O
animals NNS O
, , O
diaphragm NN O
contractility NN O
and CC O
histopathologic JJ O
features NNS O
of IN O
several JJ O
muscles NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Weights NNS O
of IN O
respiratory JJ O
and CC O
peripheral JJ O
muscles NNS O
were VBD O
similarly RB O
decreased VBN O
after IN O
steroid NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Maximal JJ O
twitches NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
diaphragm NN O
were VBD O
lower JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
C NNP O
group NN O
( : O
653 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
174 CD O
g NNS O
/ SYM O
cm NNS O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
in IN O
the DT O
M NNP O
group NN O
( : O
837 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
171 CD O
g NNS O
/ SYM O
cm NN O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) NN O
; : O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
T NNP O
group NN O
( : O
765 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
145 CD O
g NNS O
/ SYM O
cm NNS O
( SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
NS NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Half JJ O
- HYPH O
relaxation NN O
time NN O
was VBD O
prolonged VBN O
in IN O
both DT O
steroid NN O
groups NNS O
, , O
and CC O
time NN O
to TO O
peak VB O
tension NN O
was VBD O
longer JJR O
with IN O
M NNP O
, , O
whereas IN O
tetanic JJ B-Disease
tensions NNS O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Steroid NN O
treatment NN O
also RB O
induced VBD O
a DT O
leftward JJ O
shift NN O
of IN O
the DT O
force NN O
- HYPH O
frequency NN O
curve NN O
at IN O
25 CD O
and CC O
50 CD O
Hz NN O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
with IN O
saline NN O
treatment NN O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
ATPase NNP O
staining NN O
of IN O
the DT O
diaphragm NN O
, , O
scalenus NN O
medius NN O
, , O
and CC O
gastrocnemius NN O
showed VBD O
type NN O
IIb NN O
fiber NN O
atrophy NN B-Disease
in IN O
the DT O
steroid NN O
groups NNS O
and CC O
also RB O
diaphragmatic JJ O
type NN O
IIa NNP O
atrophy NN B-Disease
with IN O
T NNP O
, , O
whereas IN O
histologic JJ O
examinations NNS O
revealed VBD O
a DT O
normal JJ O
muscular JJ O
pattern NN O
with IN O
absence NN O
of IN O
necrosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
a DT O
pair NN O
- HYPH O
fed VBN O
( , O
PF NNP O
) -RRB- O
study NN O
, , O
performed VBN O
in IN O
18 CD O
rats NNS O
( , O
C NNP O
, , O
T NNP O
, , O
and CC O
PF NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
showed VBD O
that IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
atrophy NN I-Disease
was VBD O
considerably RB O
less RBR O
pronounced JJ O
in IN O
PF NNP O
animals NNS O
than IN O
in IN O
T NNP O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
( : O
1 CD O
) SYM O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
massive JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
steroids NNS O
induced VBD O
severe JJ O
respiratory JJ O
and CC O
limb JJ O
muscle NN O
wasting NN O
; : O
( : O
2 CD O
) SYM O
both DT O
types NNS O
of IN O
steroids NNS O
induced VBN O
predominantly RB O
type NN O
IIb NNP O
atrophy NN B-Disease
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
the DT O
expected VBN O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
diaphragm NN O
contractile JJ O
properties NNS O
; : O
( : O
3 CD O
) NFP O
neither DT O
steroid NN O
caused VBN O
muscle NN O
necrosis NN B-Disease
; : O
( : O
4 CD O
) -RRB- O
type NN O
IIb NN O
atrophy NN B-Disease
was VBD O
not RB O
caused VBN O
by IN O
acute JJ O
nutritional JJ O
deprivation NN O
alone RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Continuous JJ O
subcutaneous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
mesna NN O
to TO O
prevent VB O
ifosfamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hemorrhagic JJ B-Disease
cystitis NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
potential JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
ifosfamide NN O
that WDT O
can MD O
be VB O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
administering VBG O
mesna NN O
along IN O
with IN O
the DT O
cytotoxic JJ O
agent NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mesna NNP O
is VBZ O
generally RB O
administered VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
intravenous JJ O
route NN O
, , O
although IN O
experience NN O
with IN O
oral JJ O
delivery NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
has VBZ O
increased VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
continuous JJ O
subcutaneous JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
mesna NN O
has VBZ O
the DT O
advantage NN O
of IN O
not RB O
requiring VBG O
intravenous JJ O
access NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
subcutaneous JJ O
delivery NN O
of IN O
the DT O
neutralizing JJ O
agent NN O
will MD O
not RB O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
of IN O
inadequate JJ O
urinary JJ O
mesna NN O
concentrations NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
in IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
taking VBG O
oral JJ O
mesna NN O
who WP O
experiences VBZ O
severe JJ O
ifosfamide NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
emesis NN B-Disease
and CC O
is VBZ O
unable JJ O
to TO O
absorb VB O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Limited JJ O
clinical JJ O
experience NN O
with IN O
continuous JJ O
subcutaneous JJ O
mesna NN O
administration NN O
suggests VBZ O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
safe JJ O
, , O
practical JJ O
, , O
and CC O
economic JJ O
method NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
delivery NN O
that WDT O
permits VBZ O
ifosfamide NN O
to TO O
be VB O
administered VBN O
successfully RB O
in IN O
the DT O
outpatient JJ O
setting NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Leg NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
back JJ I-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
after IN O
spinal JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
involving VBG O
hyperbaric JJ O
5 CD O
% NN O
lignocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifty CD O
- HYPH O
four CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
aged JJ O
27 CD O
- SYM O
90 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
who WP O
were VBD O
given VBN O
lignocaine NN O
5 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
6 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
glucose NN O
solution NN O
for IN O
spinal JJ O
anaesthesia NN O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirteen CD O
of IN O
these DT O
patients NNS O
experienced VBD O
pain NN B-Disease
in IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
legs NNS I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
/ SYM I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
back RB I-Disease
after IN O
recovery NN O
from IN O
anaesthesia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patients NNS O
affected VBN O
were VBD O
younger JJR O
( , O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
site NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dural JJ O
puncture NN O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
( : O
p NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
those DT O
individuals NNS O
without IN O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Five CD O
of IN O
the DT O
13 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
38 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
with IN O
pain NN B-Disease
and CC O
seven CD O
of IN O
the DT O
41 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
17 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
without IN O
pain NN B-Disease
admitted VBD O
to IN O
a DT O
high JJ O
alcohol NN O
intake NN O
, , O
which WDT O
might MD O
be VB O
a DT O
contributing JJ O
factor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Leg NN B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
/ SYM I-Disease
or CC I-Disease
back JJ I-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
intrathecal JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
hyperbaric JJ O
5 CD O
% NN O
lignocaine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
use NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
cholinesterase NN O
in IN O
succinylcholine NN O
apnoea NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifteen CD O
patients NNS O
demonstrating VBG O
unexpected JJ O
prolonged VBN O
apnoea NN B-Disease
lasting VBG O
several JJ O
hours NNS O
after IN O
succinylcholine NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
treated VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
preparation NN O
of IN O
human JJ O
serum NN O
cholinesterase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adequate JJ O
spontaneous JJ O
respiration NN O
was VBD O
re RB O
- HYPH O
established VBN O
in IN O
an DT O
average JJ O
period NN O
of IN O
ten CD O
minutes NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
12 CD O
patients NNS O
biochemical JJ O
genetic JJ O
examinations NNS O
confirmed VBD O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
an DT O
atypical JJ O
serum NN O
cholinesterase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
three CD O
patients NNS O
none NN O
of IN O
the DT O
usual JJ O
variants NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
therefore RB O
supposed VBN O
that IN O
other JJ O
unknown JJ O
variants NNS O
of IN O
serum NN O
cholinesterase NN O
exist VBP O
which WDT O
cannot MD O
hydrolyze VB O
succinylcholine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
use NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
cholinesterase NN O
in IN O
succinylcholine NN O
apnoea NN B-Disease
provided VBD O
considerable JJ O
relief NN O
to IN O
both DT O
patient NN O
and CC O
anaesthetist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased JJ O
sulfation NN O
and CC O
decreased VBN O
7alpha NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxylation NN O
of IN O
deoxycholic NN O
acid NN O
in IN O
ethinyl NN O
estradiol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cholestasis NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Deoxycholic JJ O
acid NN O
conjugation NN O
, , O
transport NN O
capacity NN O
, , O
and CC O
metabolism NN O
were VBD O
compared VBN O
in IN O
control NN O
and CC O
ethinyl NN O
estradiol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Control NN O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
lower JJR O
capacity NN O
to TO O
transport VB O
deoxycholic JJ O
acid NN O
than IN O
taurodeoxycholic NN O
acid NN O
, , O
and CC O
both DT O
were VBD O
decreased VBN O
by IN O
ethinyl NN O
estradiol NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
[ -LRB- O
24 CD O
- SYM O
14C CD O
] -RRB- O
sodium NN O
deoxycholate NN O
infusion NN O
, , O
[ -LRB- O
14C NN O
] -RRB- O
biliary NN O
bile NN O
acid NN O
secretion NN O
increased VBD O
, , O
but CC O
bile NN O
flow NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
significantly RB O
in IN O
either CC O
control NN O
or CC O
ethinyl NN O
estradiol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ethinyl NNP O
estradiol NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
animals NNS O
excreted VBN O
significantly RB O
less JJR O
14C NN O
as IN O
taurocholic JJ O
acid NN O
than IN O
did VBD O
control NN O
animals NNS O
, , O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
an DT O
impairment NN O
of IN O
7alpha NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxylation NN O
of IN O
taurodeoxycholic NN O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ethinyl NNP O
estradiol NN O
treatment NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
impair VB O
conjugation NN O
of IN O
deoxycholic JJ O
acid NN O
, , O
but CC O
did VBD O
result VB O
in IN O
an DT O
increase NN O
in IN O
sulfation NN O
of IN O
taurodeoxycholic NN O
acid NN O
from IN O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
% NN O
in IN O
controls NNS O
to IN O
nearly RB O
4 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
% NN O
( , O
P NN O
less JJR O
than IN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
are VBP O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
has VBZ O
a DT O
poorer JJR O
tolerance NN O
for IN O
deoxycholic JJ O
acid NN O
than IN O
do VBP O
certain JJ O
other JJ O
species NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
the DT O
rat NN O
converts VBZ O
deoxycholic JJ O
acid NN O
, , O
a DT O
poor JJ O
choleretic JJ O
, , O
to IN O
taurocholic JJ O
acid NN O
, , O
a DT O
good JJ O
choleretic NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
When WRB O
this DT O
conversion NN O
is VBZ O
impaired VBN O
with IN O
ethinyl JJ O
estradiol NN O
treatment NN O
, , O
sulfation NN O
may MD O
be VB O
an DT O
important JJ O
alternate JJ O
pathway NN O
for IN O
excretion NN O
of IN O
this DT O
potentially RB O
harmful JJ O
bile NN O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Influence NN O
of IN O
diet NN O
free JJ O
of IN O
NAD NNP O
- HYPH O
precursors NNS O
on IN O
acetaminophen NN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recently RB O
, , O
we PRP O
demonstrated VBD O
the DT O
hepatoprotective JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
nicotinic JJ O
acid NN O
amide JJ O
, , O
a DT O
selective JJ O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
poly JJ O
( , O
ADP NN O
- HYPH O
ribose NN O
) , O
polymerase NN O
( , O
PARP NN O
; : O
EC NNP O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
. . O
30 CD O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
mice NNS O
suffering VBG O
from IN O
acetaminophen NN O
( , O
AAP NNP O
) -RRB- O
- : O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
, , O
suggesting VBG O
that IN O
the DT O
AAP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
liver NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
involves VBZ O
a DT O
step NN O
which WDT O
depends VBZ O
on IN O
adenoribosylation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
investigates VBZ O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
diet NN O
free JJ O
of IN O
precursors NNS O
of IN O
NAD NNP O
, , O
the DT O
substrate NN O
on IN O
which WDT O
PARP NNP O
acts VBZ O
, , O
in IN O
female JJ O
NMRI NNP O
mice NNS O
with IN O
AAP NNP O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
and CC O
evaluates VBZ O
the DT O
influence NN O
of IN O
simultaneous JJ O
ethanol NN O
consumption NN O
in IN O
these DT O
animals NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Liver NN B-Disease
injuries NNS I-Disease
were VBD O
quantified VBN O
as IN O
serum NN O
activities NNS O
of IN O
glutamate NN O
- HYPH O
oxaloacetate NN O
transaminase NN O
( , O
GOT NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
glutamate NN O
- HYPH O
pyruvate NN O
transaminase NN O
( , O
GPT NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
While IN O
AAP NNP O
caused VBD O
a DT O
117 CD O
- HYPH O
fold NN O
elevation NN O
of IN O
serum NN O
transaminase NN O
activities NNS O
in IN O
mice NNS O
kept VBN O
on IN O
a DT O
standard JJ O
laboratory NN O
diet NN O
, , O
which WDT O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
exacerbated VBN O
by IN O
ethanol NN O
and CC O
inhibited VBN O
by IN O
nicotinic JJ O
acid NN O
amide NN O
( , O
NAA NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
adverse JJ O
effects NNS O
were VBD O
noted VBN O
in IN O
animals NNS O
fed VBN O
a DT O
diet NN O
free JJ O
of IN O
precursors NNS O
of IN O
NAD NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
these DT O
animals NNS O
, , O
only RB O
minor JJ O
increases NNS O
of IN O
serum NN O
transaminase NN O
activities NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
AAP NNP O
, , O
and CC O
unlike IN O
the DT O
exacerbation NN O
caused VBN O
by IN O
ethanol NN O
in IN O
mice NNS O
on IN O
a DT O
standard JJ O
diet NN O
, , O
the DT O
liver NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
was VBD O
inhibited VBN O
by IN O
50 CD O
% NN O
by IN O
ethanol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
further JJ O
64 CD O
% NN O
reduction NN O
of IN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
was VBD O
observed VBN O
, , O
when WRB O
NAA NNP O
was VBD O
given VBN O
to IN O
ethanol NN O
/ SYM O
AAP NNP O
- HYPH O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
provide VBP O
evidence NN O
that IN O
the DT O
AAP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hepatitis NN B-Disease
and CC O
its PRP$ O
exacerbation NN O
by IN O
ethanol NN O
can MD O
either CC O
be VB O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
end JJ O
- HYPH O
product NN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
PARP NNP O
by IN O
NAA NNP O
or CC O
by IN O
dietary JJ O
depletion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
enzyme NN O
' '' O
s NNS O
substrate NN O
NAD NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
see VBP O
the DT O
main JJ O
application NN O
of IN O
NAA NNP O
as IN O
for IN O
the DT O
combinational JJ O
use NN O
in IN O
pharmaceutical JJ O
preparations NNS O
of IN O
acetaminophen NN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
avoid VB O
hepatic JJ B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
this DT O
widely RB O
used VBN O
analgesic NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nightmares NNS O
and CC O
hallucinations NNS B-Disease
after IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
intake NN O
of IN O
tramadol NN O
combined VBN O
with IN O
antidepressants NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tramadol NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
weak JJ O
opioid NN O
with IN O
effects NNS O
on IN O
adrenergic JJ O
and CC O
serotonergic JJ O
neurotransmission NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
used VBN O
to TO O
treat VB O
cancer NN B-Disease
pain NN B-Disease
and CC O
chronic JJ O
non NN O
malignant JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
drug NN O
was VBD O
initiated VBN O
in IN O
association NN O
with IN O
paroxetine NN O
and CC O
dosulepine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
in IN O
a DT O
tetraparetic JJ B-Disease
patient NN O
with IN O
chronic JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifty CD O
- HYPH O
six CD O
days NNS O
after IN O
initiation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
the DT O
patient NN O
presented VBD O
hallucinations NNS B-Disease
that WDT O
only RB O
stopped VBD O
after IN O
the DT O
withdrawal NN O
of IN O
psycho NN O
- HYPH O
active JJ O
drugs NNS O
and CC O
tramadol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
case NN O
report NN O
questions VBZ O
the DT O
long JJ O
term NN O
use NN O
of IN O
pain NN B-Disease
killers NNS O
combined VBN O
with IN O
psycho NN O
- HYPH O
active JJ O
drugs NNS O
in IN O
chronic JJ O
non JJ O
malignant JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
, , O
especially RB O
if IN O
pain NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
under IN O
control NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
chloride NN O
and CC O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
aminopyridine NN O
therapy NN O
on IN O
desipramine NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Hypotension NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
major JJ O
contributor NN O
to IN O
mortality NN O
in IN O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressant JJ O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recent JJ O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressants NNS O
inhibit VBP O
calcium NN O
influx NN O
in IN O
some DT O
tissues NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
addressed VBD O
the DT O
potential JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blockade NN O
in IN O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressant NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Two CD O
interventions NNS O
were VBD O
studied VBN O
that WDT O
have VBP O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
previously RB O
to TO O
improve VB O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
with IN O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
blocker NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CaCl2 NN O
and CC O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
aminopyridine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Anesthetized JJ O
rats NNS O
received VBD O
the DT O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressant JJ O
desipramine NN O
IP NN O
to TO O
produce VB O
hypotension NN B-Disease
, , O
QRS NNP O
prolongation NN O
, , O
and CC O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifteen CD O
min NN O
later RBR O
, , O
animals NNS O
received VBD O
CaCl2 NNP O
, , O
NaHCO3 NNP O
, , O
or CC O
saline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
a DT O
second JJ O
experiment NN O
, , O
rats NNS O
received VBD O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressant JJ O
desipramine NN O
IP NN O
followed VBN O
in IN O
15 CD O
min NN O
by IN O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
aminopyridine NN O
or CC O
saline NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
NaHCO3 NNP O
briefly RB O
( : O
5 CD O
min NN O
) -RRB- O
reversed VBD O
hypotension NN B-Disease
and CC O
QRS NNP O
prolongation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CaCl2 NN O
and CC O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
aminopyridine NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
improve VB O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
004 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
seizures NNS B-Disease
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
the DT O
CaCl2 NNP O
group NN O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
than IN O
the DT O
other JJ O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
CaCl2 NNP O
or CC O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
aminopyridine NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
reverse VB O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressant NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CaCl2 NN O
therapy NN O
may MD O
possibly RB O
worsen VB O
both CC O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
central JJ I-Disease
nervous JJ I-Disease
system NN I-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
do VBP O
not RB O
support VB O
a DT O
role NN O
for IN O
calcium NN O
channel NN O
inhibition NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pathogenesis NN O
of IN O
tricyclic JJ O
antidepressant NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
hypotension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Valsartan NNP O
, , O
a DT O
new JJ O
angiotensin NN O
II NN O
antagonist NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
essential JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
: : O
a DT O
comparative JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
against IN O
amlodipine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
compare VB O
the DT O
antihypertensive JJ O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
a DT O
new JJ O
angiotensin NN O
II NNP O
antagonist NN O
, , O
valsartan NN O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
reference NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
amlodipine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
One CD O
hundred CD O
sixty CD O
- HYPH O
eight CD O
adult NN O
outpatients NNS O
with IN O
mild JJ O
to IN O
moderate JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
were VBD O
randomly RB O
allocated VBN O
in IN O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
fashion NN O
and CC O
equal JJ O
number NN O
to TO O
receive VB O
80 CD O
mg NN O
valsartan NN O
or CC O
5 CD O
mg NN O
amlodipine NN O
for IN O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
therapy NN O
, , O
in IN O
patients NNS O
whose WP$ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
remained VBD O
uncontrolled JJ O
, , O
5 CD O
mg NN O
amlodipine NN O
was VBD O
added VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
at IN O
4 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
, , O
and CC O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
primary JJ O
efficacy NN O
variable NN O
was VBD O
change NN O
from IN O
baseline NN O
in IN O
mean JJ O
sitting VBG O
diastolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
at IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Secondary JJ O
variables NNS O
included VBD O
change NN O
in IN O
sitting VBG O
systolic JJ O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
responder NN O
rates NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Both CC O
valsartan NN O
and CC O
amlodipine NN O
were VBD O
effective JJ O
at IN O
lowering VBG O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
at IN O
4 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
, , O
and CC O
12 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similar JJ O
decreases NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
both DT O
groups NNS O
, , O
with IN O
no DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
between IN O
the DT O
groups NNS O
for IN O
any DT O
variable NN O
analyzed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
For IN O
the DT O
primary JJ O
variable NN O
the DT O
difference NN O
was VBD O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
in IN O
favor NN O
of IN O
valsartan NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
68 CD O
; : O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
to TO O
1 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Responder NN O
rates NNS O
at IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
were VBD O
66 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
valsartan NN O
and CC O
60 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
amlodipine NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
39 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Both DT O
treatments NNS O
were VBD O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
incidence NN O
of IN O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
dependent JJ O
edema NN B-Disease
was VBD O
somewhat RB O
higher JJR O
in IN O
the DT O
amlodipine NN O
group NN O
, , O
particularly RB O
at IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
day NN O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
80 CD O
mg NN O
valsartan NN O
; : O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
5 CD O
mg NN O
amlodipine NN O
; : O
0 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
valsartan NN O
plus CC O
5 CD O
mg NN O
amlodipine NN O
; : O
14 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
for IN O
10 CD O
mg NN O
amlodipine NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
data NNS O
show VBP O
that IN O
valsartan NN O
is VBZ O
at IN O
least JJS O
as RB O
effective JJ O
as IN O
amlodipine NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
mild NN O
to IN O
moderate JJ O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
also RB O
show VBP O
valsartan NN O
to TO O
be VB O
well RB O
tolerated JJ O
and CC O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
side JJ O
effects NNS O
characteristic JJ O
of IN O
this DT O
comparator NN O
class NN O
, , O
dihydropyridine NN O
calcium NN O
antagonists NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
measure NN O
of IN O
pupillary JJ B-Disease
oscillation NN I-Disease
as IN O
a DT O
marker NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
paranoia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
paranoia NN B-Disease
( , O
CIP NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
remains VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
model NN O
of IN O
idiopathic JJ O
paranoia NN B-Disease
for IN O
which WDT O
no DT O
psychophysiologic JJ O
marker NN O
has VBZ O
yet RB O
emerged VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Measures NNS O
of IN O
pupillary JJ B-Disease
oscillation NN I-Disease
were VBD O
able JJ O
to TO O
significantly RB O
distinguish VB O
a DT O
group NN O
of IN O
abstinent JJ O
crack NN O
cocaine NN O
abusers NNS O
endorsing VBG O
past JJ O
CIP NNP B-Disease
( : O
n SYM O
= SYM O
32 CD O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
another DT O
group NN O
of IN O
crack NN O
addicts NNS O
who WP O
denied VBD O
past JJ O
CIP NNP B-Disease
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
29 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serotonin JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
from IN O
venlafaxine NN O
- HYPH O
tranylcypromine NN O
interaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Excessive JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
serotonin NN O
5HT1A NNP O
receptors NNS O
causes VBZ O
a DT O
syndrome NN O
of IN O
serotonin NN O
excess NN O
that WDT O
consists VBZ O
of IN O
shivering NN O
, , O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
, , O
salivation NN B-Disease
, , O
confusion NN B-Disease
, , O
agitation NN B-Disease
and CC O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
this DT O
syndrome NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
interaction NN O
between IN O
a DT O
monoamine NN O
oxidase NN O
inhibitor NN O
( , O
MAOI NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
a DT O
specific JJ O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
inhibitor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Venlafaxine NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
new JJ O
antidepressant JJ O
agent NN O
that WDT O
inhibits VBZ O
the DT O
reuptake NN O
of IN O
serotonin NN O
and CC O
norepinephrine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
venlafaxine JJ O
- HYPH O
MAOI NN O
interaction NN O
that WDT O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
the DT O
serotonin NN B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
23 CD O
- HYPH O
y NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
taking VBG O
tranylcypromine NN O
for IN O
depression NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
well JJ O
until IN O
the DT O
morning NN O
of IN O
presentation NN O
when WRB O
he PRP O
took VBD O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
tab NN O
of IN O
venlafaxine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Within IN O
2 CD O
h NN O
he PRP O
became VBD O
confused JJ O
with IN O
jerking VBG O
movements NNS O
of IN O
his PRP$ O
extremities NNS O
, , O
tremors NNS B-Disease
and CC O
rigidity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
was VBD O
brought VBN O
directly RB O
to IN O
a DT O
hospital NN O
where WRB O
he PRP O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
agitated JJ O
and CC O
confused VBN O
with IN O
shivering NN O
, , O
myoclonic JJ B-Disease
jerks NNS I-Disease
, , O
rigidity NN B-Disease
, , O
salivation NN B-Disease
and CC O
diaphoresis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
His PRP$ O
pupils NNS O
were VBD O
7 CD O
mm NN O
and CC O
sluggishly RB O
reactive JJ O
to IN O
light NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Vital JJ O
signs NNS O
were VBD O
: : O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
120 CD O
/ SYM O
67 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
, , O
heart NN O
rate NN O
127 CD O
/ SYM O
min NN O
, , O
respiratory JJ O
rate NN O
28 CD O
/ SYM O
min NN O
, , O
and CC O
temperature NN O
97 CD O
F NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
180 CD O
mg NN O
of IN O
diazepam NN O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
he PRP O
remained VBD O
tremulous JJ O
with IN O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
and CC O
clenched JJ O
jaws NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
was VBD O
intubated VBN O
for IN O
airway NN O
protection NN O
and CC O
because IN O
of IN O
hypoventilation NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
was VBD O
paralyzed VBN B-Disease
to TO O
control VB O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
His PRP$ O
subsequent JJ O
course NN O
was VBD O
remarkable JJ O
for IN O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
immune JJ O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
which WDT O
resolved VBD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
maximal JJ O
temperature NN O
was VBD O
101 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
F NN O
and CC O
his PRP$ O
CPK NNP O
remained VBD O
< $ O
500 CD O
units NNS O
/ SYM O
L NN O
with IN O
no DT O
other JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
rhabdomyolysis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
His PRP$ O
mental JJ O
status NN O
normalized VBD O
and CC O
he PRP O
was VBD O
transferred VBN O
to IN O
a DT O
psychiatry NN O
ward NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
patient NN O
survived VBD O
without IN O
sequelae NN O
due IN O
to IN O
the DT O
aggressive JJ O
sedation NN O
and CC O
neuromuscular JJ O
paralysis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cyclophosphamide NN O
associated VBN O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
- : O
- : O
a DT O
highly RB O
aggressive JJ O
disease NN O
: : O
analysis NN O
of IN O
12 CD O
cases NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
We PRP O
gained VBD O
knowledge NN O
of IN O
the DT O
etiology NN O
, , O
treatment NN O
and CC O
prevention NN O
of IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
associated VBN O
urothelial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIALS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
medical JJ O
records NNS O
of IN O
6 CD O
men NNS O
and CC O
6 CD O
women NNS O
( , O
mean JJ O
age NN O
55 CD O
years NNS O
) -RRB- O
with IN O
cyclophosphamide NN O
associated VBN O
bladder NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
were VBD O
reviewed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
All DT O
tumors NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
grade NN O
3 CD O
or CC O
4 CD O
transitional JJ O
cell NN O
carcinoma NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
patients NNS O
initially RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
endoscopic JJ O
resection NN O
alone RB O
only RB O
1 CD O
is VBZ O
alive JJ O
without IN O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
the DT O
6 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
early JJ O
cystectomy NN O
4 CD O
were VBD O
alive JJ O
at IN O
24 CD O
to TO O
111 CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
remaining VBG O
patient NN O
with IN O
extensive JJ O
cancer NN B-Disease
underwent VBD O
partial JJ O
cystectomy NN O
for IN O
palliation NN O
and CC O
died VBD O
3 CD O
months NNS O
later RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
Cyclophosphamide NN O
associated VBN O
bladder NN B-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
an DT O
aggressive JJ O
disease NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
survival NN O
is VBZ O
possible JJ O
when WRB O
radical JJ O
cystectomy NN O
is VBZ O
performed VBN O
for IN O
bladder NN B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
with IN O
any DT O
sign NN O
of IN O
invasion NN O
and CC O
for IN O
recurrent JJ O
high JJ O
grade NN O
disease NN O
, , O
even RB O
when WRB O
noninvasive JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
phase NN O
I NN O
clinical JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
the DT O
antipurine JJ O
antifolate NN O
lometrexol NN O
( -LRB- O
DDATHF NNP O
) -RRB- O
given VBN O
with IN O
oral JJ O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lometrexol NNP O
is VBZ O
an DT O
antifolate NN O
which WDT O
inhibits VBZ O
glycinamide NN O
ribonucleotide NN O
formyltransferase NN O
( -LRB- O
GARFT NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
an DT O
enzyme NN O
essential JJ O
for IN O
de FW O
novo FW O
purine FW O
synthesis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Extensive JJ O
experimental JJ O
and CC O
limited JJ O
clinical JJ O
data NNS O
have VBP O
shown VBN O
that IN O
lometrexol NN O
has VBZ O
activity NN O
against IN O
tumours NNS B-Disease
which WDT O
are VBP O
refractory JJ O
to IN O
other JJ O
drugs NNS O
, , O
notably RB O
methotrexate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
initial JJ O
clinical JJ O
development NN O
of IN O
lometrexol NN O
was VBD O
curtailed VBN O
because IN O
of IN O
severe JJ O
and CC O
cumulative JJ O
antiproliferative JJ O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Preclinical JJ O
murine NN O
studies NNS O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
lometrexol NN O
can MD O
be VB O
prevented VBN O
by IN O
low JJ O
dose NN O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
administration NN O
, , O
i LS O
. . O
e LS O
. . O
for IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
prior RB O
to IN O
and CC O
7 CD O
days NNS O
following VBG O
a DT O
single JJ O
bolus NN O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
observation NN O
prompted VBD O
a DT O
Phase NNP O
I NNP O
clinical JJ O
study NN O
of IN O
lometrexol NN O
given VBN O
with IN O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
supplementation NN O
which WDT O
has VBZ O
confirmed VBN O
that IN O
the DT O
toxicity NN B-Disease
of IN O
lometrexol NN O
can MD O
be VB O
markedly RB O
reduced VBN O
by IN O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
supplementation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
and CC O
mucositis NN B-Disease
were VBD O
the DT O
major JJ O
toxicities NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
clear JJ O
relationship NN O
between IN O
clinical JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
extent NN O
of IN O
plasma NN O
folate NN O
elevation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Associated JJ O
studies NNS O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
lometrexol NN O
plasma NN O
pharmacokinetics NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
altered VBN O
by IN O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
administration NN O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
supplementation NN O
is VBZ O
unlikely JJ O
to TO O
reduce VB O
toxicity NN B-Disease
by IN O
enhancing VBG O
lometrexol NN O
plasma NN O
clearance NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
work NN O
described VBN O
in IN O
this DT O
report NN O
has VBZ O
identified VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
time NN O
a DT O
clinically RB O
acceptable JJ O
schedule NN O
for IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
a DT O
GARFT NNP O
inhibitor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
information NN O
will MD O
facilitate VB O
the DT O
future JJ O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
this DT O
class NN O
of IN O
compounds NNS O
in IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fatal JJ O
excited JJ O
delirium NN B-Disease
following VBG O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
: : O
epidemiologic JJ O
findings NNS O
provide VBP O
new JJ O
evidence NN O
for IN O
mechanisms NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
describe VBP O
an DT O
outbreak NN O
of IN O
deaths NNS O
from IN O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
excited VBN O
delirium NN B-Disease
( , O
EDDs NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
in IN O
Dade NNP O
County NNP O
, , O
Florida NNP O
between IN O
1979 CD O
and CC O
1990 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
From IN O
a DT O
registry NN O
of IN O
all DT O
cocaine NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
deaths NNS O
in IN O
Dade NNP O
County NNP O
, , O
Florida NNP O
, , O
from IN O
1969 CD O
- SYM O
1990 CD O
, , O
58 CD O
EDDs NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
125 CD O
victims NNS O
of IN O
accidental JJ O
cocaine NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
without IN O
excited VBN O
delirium NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
controls NNS O
, , O
EDDs NNS B-Disease
were VBD O
more RBR O
frequently RB O
black JJ O
, , O
male JJ O
, , O
and CC O
younger JJR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
They PRP O
were VBD O
less RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
low JJ O
body NN O
mass NN O
index NN O
, , O
and CC O
more RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
have VB O
died VBN O
in IN O
police NN O
custody NN O
, , O
to TO O
have VB O
received VBN O
medical JJ O
treatment NN O
immediately RB O
before IN O
death NN O
, , O
to TO O
have VB O
survived VBN O
for IN O
a DT O
longer JJR O
period NN O
, , O
to TO O
have VB O
developed VBN O
hyperthermia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
to TO O
have VB O
died VBN O
in IN O
summer NN O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
EDDs NNS B-Disease
had VBD O
concentrations NNS O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
benzoylecgonine NN O
in IN O
autopsy NN O
blood NN O
that WDT O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
for IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
epidemiologic JJ O
findings NNS O
are VBP O
most RBS O
consistent JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
chronic JJ O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
disrupts VBZ O
dopaminergic JJ O
function NN O
and CC O
, , O
when WRB O
coupled VBN O
with IN O
recent JJ O
cocaine NN O
use NN O
, , O
may MD O
precipitate VB O
agitation NN B-Disease
, , O
delirium NN B-Disease
, , O
aberrant JJ O
thermoregulation NN O
, , O
rhabdomyolysis NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
sudden JJ B-Disease
death NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pemoline NN O
induced VBD O
acute JJ O
choreoathetosis NN B-Disease
: : O
case NN O
report NN O
and CC O
review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Pemoline NN O
is VBZ O
an DT O
oxazolidine JJ O
derivative NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
structurally RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
amphetamines NNS O
and CC O
used VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
attention NN B-Disease
deficit NN I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pemoline NN O
has VBZ O
not RB O
been VBN O
commonly RB O
associated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
as IN O
a DT O
cause NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
movement NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
following VBG O
case NN O
describes VBZ O
two CD O
children NNS O
acutely RB O
poisoned VBN O
with IN O
pemoline NN O
who WP O
experienced VBD O
profound JJ O
choreoathetosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NNP O
REPORT NNP O
: : O
Two CD O
, , O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
male JJ O
, , O
identical JJ O
twin NN O
siblings NNS O
presented VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
emergency NN O
department NN O
after IN O
found VBD O
playing VBG O
with IN O
a DT O
an DT O
empty JJ O
bottle NN O
of IN O
pemoline NN O
originally RB O
containing VBG O
59 CD O
tablets NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
children NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
medical JJ O
history NN O
significant JJ O
for IN O
attention NN B-Disease
deficit NN I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
previously RB O
treated VBN O
with IN O
methylphenidate NN O
without IN O
success NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
was VBD O
their PRP$ O
first JJ O
day NN O
of IN O
pemoline NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
choreoathetoid NN B-Disease
movements NNS O
began VBD O
45 CD O
min NN O
to IN O
1 CD O
h NN O
after IN O
ingestion NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
children NNS O
gave VBD O
no DT O
history NN O
of IN O
prior JJ O
movement NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
and CC O
there EX O
was VBD O
no DT O
family NN O
history NN O
of IN O
movement NN B-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
children NNS O
received VBD O
gastrointestinal JJ O
decontamination NN O
and CC O
high JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
intravenous JJ O
benzodiazepines NNS O
in IN O
an DT O
attempt NN O
to TO O
control VB O
the DT O
choreoathetoid JJ B-Disease
movements NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Despite IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
children NNS O
continued VBD O
to TO O
have VB O
choreoathetosis NN B-Disease
for IN O
approximately RB O
24 CD O
hours NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Forty CD O
- HYPH O
eight CD O
hours NNS O
after IN O
admission NN O
, , O
the DT O
children NNS O
appeared VBD O
to TO O
be VB O
at IN O
their PRP$ O
baseline NN O
and CC O
were VBD O
discharged VBN O
home RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Pemoline NN O
associated VBD O
movement NN B-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
rarely RB O
reported VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
toxicology NN O
literature NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
possibility NN O
of IN O
choreoathetoid JJ B-Disease
movements NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
considered VBN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
presenting VBG O
after IN O
pemoline NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
myopic JJ O
excimer NN O
laser NN O
photorefractive JJ O
keratectomy NN O
on IN O
the DT O
electrophysiologic JJ O
function NN O
of IN O
the DT O
retina NN O
and CC O
optic NN O
nerve NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
To TO O
assess VB O
by IN O
electrophysiologic JJ O
testing NN O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
photorefractive JJ O
keratectomy NN O
( -LRB- O
PRK NN O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
the DT O
retina NN O
and CC O
optic NN O
nerve NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING NN O
: : O
Eye NNP O
Clinic NNP O
, , O
S NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Salvatore NNP O
Hospital NNP O
, , O
L NNP O
' POS O
Aquila NNP O
University NNP O
, , O
Italy NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Standard JJ O
pattern NN O
electroretinograms NNS O
( -LRB- O
P NN O
- HYPH O
ERGs NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
standard JJ O
pattern NN O
visual JJ O
evoked VBN O
potentials NNS O
( -LRB- O
P NNP O
- HYPH O
VEPs NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
done VBN O
in IN O
25 CD O
eyes NNS O
of IN O
25 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
myopic JJ O
PRK NN O
for IN O
an DT O
attempted VBN O
correction NN O
between IN O
5 CD O
. . O
00 CD O
and CC O
15 CD O
. . O
00 CD O
diopters NNS O
( -LRB- O
D NNP O
) -RRB- O
( , O
mean JJ O
8 CD O
. . O
00 CD O
D NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Testing NN O
was VBD O
done VBN O
preoperatively RB O
and CC O
3 CD O
, , O
6 CD O
, , O
12 CD O
, , O
and CC O
18 CD O
months NNS O
postoperatively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
contralateral JJ O
eyes NNS O
served VBD O
as IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
During IN O
the DT O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
, , O
3 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
12 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
developed VBD O
steroid NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
elevated VBN B-Disease
intraocular JJ I-Disease
pressure NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
IOP NNP O
) -RRB- O
that WDT O
resolved VBD O
after IN O
corticosteroid NN O
therapy NN O
was VBD O
discontinued VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
No DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
were VBD O
seen VBN O
between IN O
treated VBN O
and CC O
control NN O
eyes NNS O
nor CC O
between IN O
treated VBN O
eyes NNS O
preoperatively RB O
and CC O
postoperatively RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Myopic JJ O
excimer NN O
laser NN O
PRK NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
seem VB O
to TO O
affect VB O
the DT O
posterior JJ O
segment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
transient JJ O
steroid NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
IOP NNP B-Disease
rise NN I-Disease
did VBD O
not RB O
seem VB O
to TO O
cause VB O
functional JJ O
impairment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neutrophil NN O
superoxide NN O
and CC O
hydrogen NN O
peroxide NN O
production NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Defects NNS O
in IN O
superoxide NN O
and CC O
hydrogen NN O
peroxide NN O
production NN O
may MD O
be VB O
implicated VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
high JJ O
incidence NN O
of IN O
bacterial JJ B-Disease
infections NNS I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
liver NN I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
ALF NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
oxygen NN O
radical JJ O
production NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
ALF NNP B-Disease
due JJ O
to IN O
paracetamol NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
was VBD O
compared VBN O
with IN O
that DT O
of IN O
healthy JJ O
volunteers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neutrophils NNS O
from IN O
14 CD O
ALF NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
were VBD O
stimulated VBN O
via IN O
the DT O
complement NN O
receptors NNS O
using VBG O
zymosan NN O
opsonized VBN O
with IN O
ALF NNP B-Disease
or CC O
control NN O
serum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Superoxide NN O
and CC O
hydrogen NN O
peroxide NN O
production NN O
by IN O
ALF NNP B-Disease
neutrophils NNS O
stimulated VBN O
with IN O
zymosan NN O
opsonized VBN O
with IN O
ALF NNP B-Disease
serum NN O
was VBD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
defect NN O
persisted VBD O
when WRB O
zymosan NNP O
opsonized VBD O
by IN O
control NN O
serum NN O
was VBD O
used VBN O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Superoxide NN O
and CC O
hydrogen NN O
peroxide NN O
production NN O
in IN O
neutrophils NNS O
stimulated VBN O
with IN O
formyl NN O
- HYPH O
methionyl NN O
- HYPH O
leucyl NN O
- HYPH O
phenylalanine NN O
( , O
fMLP NNP O
) -RRB- O
from IN O
a DT O
further JJ O
18 CD O
ALF NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
was VBD O
unaffected JJ O
compared VBN O
with IN O
control NN O
neutrophils NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Serum NNP O
C3 NN O
complement NN O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
reduced VBN O
in IN O
ALF NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
control NN O
subjects NNS O
( : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
0005 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
a DT O
neutrophil JJ O
defect NN O
in IN O
ALF NNP B-Disease
due IN O
to IN O
paracetamol NN O
overdose NN B-Disease
, , O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
complement NN O
dependent JJ O
but CC O
independent JJ O
of IN O
serum NN O
complement NN O
, , O
possibly RB O
connected VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
complement NN O
receptor NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cholesteryl NN O
hemisuccinate NN O
treatment NN O
protects VBZ O
rodents NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
acetaminophen NN O
, , O
adriamycin NN O
, , O
carbon NN O
tetrachloride NN O
, , O
chloroform NN O
and CC O
galactosamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
use NN O
as IN O
a DT O
stabilizer NN O
/ SYM O
rigidifier NN O
of IN O
membranes NNS O
, , O
cholesteryl NN O
hemisuccinate NN O
, , O
tris NNS O
salt NN O
( , O
CS NN O
) -RRB- O
administration NN O
has VBZ O
also RB O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
protect VB O
rats NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
hepatotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
carbon NN O
tetrachloride NN O
( -LRB- O
CCl4 NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
further VB O
our PRP$ O
understanding NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
CS NN O
cytoprotection NN O
, , O
we PRP O
examined VBD O
in IN O
rats NNS O
and CC O
mice NNS O
the DT O
protective JJ O
abilities NNS O
of IN O
CS NN O
and CC O
the DT O
non AFX O
- HYPH O
hydrolyzable JJ O
ether JJ O
form NN O
of IN O
CS NN O
, , O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
cholesteryloxybutyric NN O
acid NN O
, , O
tris NN O
salt NN O
( , O
CSE NNP O
) -RRB- O
against IN O
acetaminophen NN O
- : O
, , O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
, , O
carbon NN O
tetrachloride NN O
- : O
, , O
chloroform NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
galactosamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
these DT O
studies NNS O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
CS NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
protection NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
selective JJ O
for IN O
a DT O
particular JJ O
species NN O
, , O
organ NN O
system NN O
or CC O
toxic JJ O
chemical NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
pretreatment NN O
of IN O
both DT O
rats NNS O
and CC O
mice NNS O
with IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
CS NNP O
( , O
100mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
resulted VBD O
in IN O
significant JJ O
protection NN O
against IN O
the DT O
hepatotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
of IN O
CCl4 NNP O
, , O
CHCl3 NN O
, , O
acetaminophen NN O
and CC O
galactosamine NN O
and CC O
against IN O
the DT O
lethal JJ O
( , O
and CC O
presumably RB O
cardiotoxic JJ B-Disease
) -RRB- O
effect NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Maximal JJ O
CS NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
protection NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
experimental JJ O
animals NNS O
pretreated VBN O
24 CD O
h NN O
prior RB O
to IN O
the DT O
toxic JJ O
insult NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
CS NNP O
intervenes VBZ O
in IN O
a DT O
critical JJ O
cellular JJ O
event NN O
that WDT O
is VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
common JJ O
pathway NN O
to IN O
toxic JJ O
cell NN O
death NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanism NN O
of IN O
CS NN O
protection NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
appear VB O
to TO O
be VB O
dependent JJ O
on IN O
the DT O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
chemical JJ O
bioactivation NN O
to IN O
a DT O
toxic JJ O
reactive JJ O
intermediate NN O
( , O
in IN O
light NN O
of IN O
the DT O
protection NN O
observed VBN O
against IN O
galactosamine NN O
hepatotoxicity NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
based VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
data NNS O
presented VBN O
, , O
we PRP O
can MD O
not RB O
exclude VB O
the DT O
possibility NN O
that IN O
CS NNP O
administration NN O
inhibits VBZ O
chemical JJ O
bioactivation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
findings NNS O
do VBP O
suggest VB O
that IN O
CS NN O
- HYPH O
mediated VBN O
protection NN O
is VBZ O
dependent JJ O
on IN O
the DT O
action NN O
of IN O
the DT O
intact JJ O
anionic JJ O
CS NN O
molecule NN O
( , O
non FW O
- HYPH O
hydrolyzable JJ O
CSE NNP O
was VBD O
as RB O
protective JJ O
as IN O
CS NNP O
) -RRB- O
, , O
whose WP$ O
mechanism NN O
has VBZ O
yet RB O
to TO O
be VB O
defined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
murine NN O
model NN O
of IN O
adenomyosis NN B-Disease
: : O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
fluoxetine NN O
hydrochloride NN O
, , O
a DT O
selective JJ O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
on IN O
adenomyosis NN B-Disease
induction NN O
in IN O
Wistar NNP O
albino NN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
whether IN O
fluoxetine NN O
given VBN O
to IN O
castrated JJ O
and CC O
noncastrated JJ O
rats NNS O
caused VBD O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
and CC O
its PRP$ O
effects NNS O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
adenomyosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
Fluoxetine NNP O
, , O
a DT O
serotonin NN O
reuptake NN O
inhibitor NN O
, , O
was VBD O
given VBN O
to IN O
Wistar NNP O
Albino NNP O
rats NNS O
for IN O
98 CD O
days NNS O
to TO O
produce VB O
hyperprolactinemia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
drug NN O
was VBD O
given VBN O
to IN O
two CD O
groups NNS O
consisting VBG O
of IN O
castrated JJ O
and CC O
noncastrated JJ O
rats NNS O
and CC O
compared VBN O
to IN O
two CD O
groups NNS O
of IN O
castrated JJ O
and CC O
noncastrated JJ O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolactin JJ O
levels NNS O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
uteri NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
removed VBN O
for IN O
histopathological JJ O
analysis NN O
at IN O
the DT O
end NN O
of IN O
98 CD O
days NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING NN O
: : O
Marmara NNP O
University NNP O
School NNP O
of IN O
Medicine NNP O
, , O
Department NNP O
of IN O
Histology NNP O
and CC O
Embryology NNP O
, , O
Zeynep NNP O
Kamil NNP O
Women NNPS O
and CC O
Children NNPS O
' POS O
s POS O
Hospital NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MAIN JJ O
OUTCOME NN O
MEASURES NNS O
: : O
Serum JJ O
prolactin NN O
levels NNS O
, , O
uterine JJ O
histopathology NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
prolactin JJ O
levels NNS O
of IN O
castrated JJ O
and CC O
noncastrated JJ O
groups NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
fluoxetine NN O
were VBD O
statistically RB O
significantly RB O
higher JJR O
when WRB O
compared VBN O
to IN O
their PRP$ O
respective JJ O
control NN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histological JJ O
studies NNS O
revealed VBD O
11 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
adenomyosis NN B-Disease
, , O
all DT O
within IN O
the DT O
noncastrated JJ O
group NN O
receiving VBG O
fluoxetine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
It PRP O
was VBD O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
high JJ O
serum NN O
prolactin NN O
levels NNS O
cause VBP O
degeneration NN O
of IN O
myometrial JJ O
cells NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
presence NN O
of IN O
ovarian JJ O
steroids NNS O
that WDT O
results VBZ O
in IN O
a DT O
myometrial JJ O
invasion NN O
by IN O
endometrial JJ O
stroma NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
invasion NN O
eventually RB O
progresses VBZ O
to IN O
adenomyosis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Postinfarction NN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
septal NN I-Disease
defect NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
steroid NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
postinfarction NN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
septal NN I-Disease
rupture NN I-Disease
in IN O
patients NNS O
on IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
steroid NN O
therapy NN O
are VBP O
presented VBN O
and CC O
the DT O
favourable JJ O
outcome NN O
in IN O
both DT O
cases NNS O
described VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
possible JJ O
association NN O
between IN O
steroid NN O
therapy NN O
and CC O
subsequent JJ O
postinfarction NN O
septal JJ B-Disease
rupture NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
discussed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroactive JJ O
steroids NNS O
protect VBP O
against IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
kainic NN O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
limbic JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Several JJ O
structurally RB O
related VBN O
metabolites NNS O
of IN O
progesterone NN O
( , O
3 CD O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
pregnane NN O
- HYPH O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
ones NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
deoxycorticosterone NN O
( , O
3 CD O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
pregnane NN O
- HYPH O
21 CD O
- HYPH O
diol NN O
- HYPH O
20 CD O
- HYPH O
ones NNS O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
their PRP$ O
3 CD O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
epimers NNS O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
for IN O
protective JJ O
activity NN O
against IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
, , O
kainic NN O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
N NNP O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
D NNP O
- HYPH O
aspartate NN O
( -LRB- O
NMDA NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Steroids NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
group NN O
in IN O
the DT O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
position NN O
and CC O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
H NN O
in IN O
the DT O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
or CC O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
configurations NNS O
were VBD O
highly RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
protecting VBG O
against IN O
pilocarpine NN O
( , O
416 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
s NN O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
limbic JJ O
motor NN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
( , O
ED50 NN O
values NNS O
, , O
7 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
- HYPH O
18 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg CD O
, , O
i PRP O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
corresponding VBG O
epimers NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxy NN O
group NN O
in IN O
the DT O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
position NN O
were VBD O
also RB O
effective JJ O
but CC O
less RBR O
potent JJ O
( , O
ED50 CD O
values NNS O
, , O
33 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
- SYM O
63 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
, , O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
neuroactive JJ O
steroids NNS O
were VBD O
considerably RB O
less RBR O
potent JJ O
than IN O
the DT O
benzodiazepine NN O
clonazepam NN O
in IN O
protecting VBG O
against IN O
pilocarpine NN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
, , O
steroids NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
alpha NN O
, , O
3 CD O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
configuration NN O
had VBD O
comparable JJ O
or CC O
higher JJR O
protective JJ O
index NN O
values NNS O
( , O
TD50 CD O
for IN O
motor NN O
impairment NN O
divided VBN O
by IN O
ED50 NNP O
for IN O
seizure NN B-Disease
protection NN O
) -RRB- O
than IN O
clonazepam NN O
, , O
indicating VBG O
that IN O
some DT O
neuroactive JJ O
steroids NNS O
may MD O
have VB O
lower JJR O
relative JJ O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Steroids NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
5 CD O
alpha NN O
, , O
3 CD O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
or CC O
5 CD O
beta NN O
, , O
3 CD O
alpha NN O
- HYPH O
configurations NNS O
also RB O
produced VBD O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
delay NN O
in IN O
the DT O
onset NN O
of IN O
limbic JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
kainic JJ O
acid NN O
( , O
32 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
, , O
but CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
completely RB O
protect VB O
against IN O
the DT O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
when WRB O
a DT O
second JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
the DT O
steroid NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
1 CD O
hr NN O
after IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
complete JJ O
protection NN O
from IN O
the DT O
kainic JJ O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
limbic JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
was VBD O
obtained VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
steroids NNS O
also RB O
caused VBD O
a DT O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
delay NN O
in IN O
NMDA NNP O
( : O
257 CD O
mg NNS O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
, , O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
lethality NN O
, , O
but CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
completely RB O
protect VB O
against IN O
NMDA NNP O
seizures NNS B-Disease
or CC O
lethality NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
neuroactive JJ O
steroids NNS O
are VBP O
highly RB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
protecting VBG O
against IN O
pilocarpine NN O
- HYPH O
and CC O
kainic NN O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
, , O
and CC O
may MD O
be VB O
of IN O
utility NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
some DT O
forms NNS O
of IN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
in IN O
humans NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Hepatic JJ O
and CC O
extrahepatic JJ O
angiotensinogen NN O
gene NN O
expression NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Plasma NN O
concentration NN O
and CC O
urine NN O
excretion NN O
of IN O
the DT O
renin NN O
- HYPH O
angiotensin NN O
system NN O
proteins NNS O
are VBP O
altered VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
with IN O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( : O
NS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
this DT O
work NN O
the DT O
messenger NN O
ribonucleic JJ O
acid NN O
( , O
mRNA NNP O
) -RRB- O
levels NNS O
of IN O
angiotensinogen NN O
( -LRB- O
Ao NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
slot NN O
- HYPH O
blot NN O
hybridization NN O
technique NN O
in IN O
liver NN O
and CC O
other JJ O
extrahepatic JJ O
tissues NNS O
: : O
kidney NN O
, , O
heart NN O
, , O
brain NN O
, , O
and CC O
adrenal JJ O
gland NN O
from IN O
control NN O
, , O
nephrotic JJ B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
pair NN O
- HYPH O
fed VBN O
( -LRB- O
PF NN O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NS NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
a DT O
single JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
puromycin NN O
amino NN O
- HYPH O
nucleoside NN O
( , O
PAN NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
a DT O
great JJ O
urinary JJ O
excretion NN O
and CC O
half JJ O
- HYPH O
normal JJ O
plasma NN O
levels NNS O
of IN O
Ao NNP O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
on IN O
day NN O
6 CD O
after IN O
PAN NNP O
injection NN O
, , O
when WRB O
NS NNP B-Disease
was VBD O
clearly RB O
established VBN O
, , O
hepatic JJ O
Ao NNP O
mRNA NNP O
levels NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
the DT O
Ao NNP O
mRNA NNP O
levels NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
change VB O
in IN O
any DT O
of IN O
the DT O
extrahepatic JJ O
tissues NNS O
studied VBN O
on IN O
day NN O
6 CD O
, , O
nor CC O
did VBD O
its PRP$ O
hepatic JJ O
levels NNS O
at IN O
days NNS O
1 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
, , O
or CC O
7 CD O
after IN O
PAN NN O
injection NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
hepatic JJ O
and CC O
extrahepatic JJ O
Ao NNP O
mRNA NNP O
levels NNS O
are VBP O
unaltered JJ O
during IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
NS NNP B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
PAN NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroleptic JJ B-Disease
malignant JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
with IN O
risperidone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroleptic JJ B-Disease
malignant JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
thought VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
a DT O
result NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
D2 NN O
receptor NN O
blockade NN O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
of IN O
the DT O
basal JJ O
ganglia NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Risperidone NNP O
, , O
a DT O
benzisoxazole NN O
derivative JJ O
antipsychotic JJ O
, , O
has VBZ O
high JJ O
serotonin NN O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT2 NN O
receptor NN O
blockade NN O
and CC O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
D2 NN O
receptor NN O
blockade NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
high JJ O
ratio NN O
is VBZ O
believed VBN O
to TO O
impart VB O
the DT O
low JJ O
frequency NN O
of IN O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
with IN O
risperidone NN O
at IN O
low JJ O
dosages NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
With IN O
this DT O
low JJ O
frequency NN O
of IN O
extrapyramidal JJ B-Disease
symptoms NNS I-Disease
, , O
it PRP O
was VBD O
thought VBN O
the DT O
frequency NN O
of IN O
neuroleptic JJ B-Disease
malignant JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
might MD O
also RB O
be VB O
lowered VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
73 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
developed VBD O
neuroleptic JJ B-Disease
malignant JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
after IN O
monotherapy NN O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
syndrome NN O
reversed VBD O
after IN O
discontinuing VBG O
risperidone NN O
and CC O
starting VBG O
treatment NN O
with IN O
dantrolene NN O
and CC O
bromocriptine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
appears VBZ O
that IN O
the DT O
protection NN O
from IN O
extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
observed VBN O
with IN O
risperidone NN O
does VBZ O
not RB O
ensure VB O
protection NN O
from IN O
neuroleptic JJ B-Disease
malignant JJ I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
attenuating VBG O
effect NN O
of IN O
carteolol NN O
hydrochloride NN O
, , O
a DT O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
on IN O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
known VBN O
that IN O
beta JJ O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
are VBP O
effective JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
, , O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
that WDT O
occur VBP O
during IN O
neuroleptic JJ O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
, , O
a DT O
model NN O
of IN O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
extrapyramidal JJ O
side NN O
effects NNS O
, , O
was VBD O
considered VBN O
suitable JJ O
as IN O
a DT O
model NN O
for IN O
predicting VBG O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
in IN O
humans NNS O
, , O
although IN O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
was VBD O
not RB O
considered VBN O
a DT O
specific JJ O
test NN O
for IN O
neuroleptic NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
, , O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
carteolol NN O
, , O
a DT O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
on IN O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
were VBD O
behaviorally RB O
studied VBN O
and CC O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
of IN O
propranolol NN O
and CC O
biperiden NN O
, , O
a DT O
muscarinic JJ O
receptor NN O
antagonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carteolol NNP O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
propranolol NN O
and CC O
biperiden NN O
, , O
inhibited VBD O
the DT O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
inhibitory JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
carteolol NN O
was VBD O
almost RB O
comparable JJ O
to IN O
that DT O
of IN O
propranolol NN O
, , O
but CC O
was VBD O
weaker JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
of IN O
biperiden NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carteolol NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
evoke VB O
postsynaptic JJ O
dopamine NN O
receptor NN O
- HYPH O
stimulating VBG O
behavioral JJ O
signs NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
stereotypy NN O
and CC O
hyperlocomotion NN B-Disease
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carteolol NNP O
did VBD O
not RB O
antagonize VB O
the DT O
inhibitory JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
haloperidol NN O
on IN O
apomorphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
stereotypy NN O
and CC O
locomotor NN O
activity NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
carteolol NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
evoke VB O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
HT1A NN O
receptor NN O
- HYPH O
stimulating VBG O
behavioral JJ O
signs NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
flat JJ O
body NN O
posture NN O
and CC O
forepaw NN O
treading NN O
and CC O
did VBD O
not RB O
inhibit VB O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
hydroxytryptophan NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
head NN O
twitch NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Finally RB O
, , O
carteolol NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
inhibit VB O
physostigmine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
lethality NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
strongly RB O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
carteolol NN O
improves VBZ O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
catalepsy NN B-Disease
via IN O
its PRP$ O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
antagonistic JJ O
activity NN O
and CC O
is VBZ O
expected VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
effective JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
akathisia NN B-Disease
without IN O
attenuating VBG O
neuroleptic JJ O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
antipsychotic JJ O
effects NNS O
due IN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
postsynaptic JJ O
dopamine NN O
receptor NN O
antagonistic JJ O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Granulosa NNP B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
ovary NN I-Disease
associated VBN O
with IN O
antecedent JJ O
tamoxifen NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Increased VBN O
attention NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
focused VBN O
recently RB O
on IN O
the DT O
estrogenic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
tamoxifen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Review NN O
of IN O
the DT O
literature NN O
reveals VBZ O
an DT O
association NN O
between IN O
tamoxifen NN O
use NN O
and CC O
gynecologic JJ O
tumors NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CASE NN O
: : O
A DT O
52 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
postmenopausal JJ O
woman NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
with IN O
tamoxifen NN O
for IN O
stage NN O
II NN O
estrogen NN O
receptor NN O
- HYPH O
positive JJ O
breast NN B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
aspartate NN O
transaminase NN O
and CC O
alanine NN O
transaminase NN O
levels NNS O
increase VBP O
markedly RB O
after IN O
6 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
tamoxifen NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
an DT O
additional JJ O
17 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
elevated JJ O
serum NN O
transaminases NNS O
, , O
the DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
a DT O
stage NN O
Ic NNP O
granulosa NN B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
tumor NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
ovary NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Patients NNS O
with IN O
tamoxifen NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
liver NN B-Disease
dysfunction NN I-Disease
may MD O
be VB O
at IN O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
for IN O
granulosa NN B-Disease
cell NN I-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
because IN O
of IN O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
tamoxifen NN O
metabolism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lifetime NN O
treatment NN O
of IN O
mice NNS O
with IN O
azidothymidine NN O
( -LRB- O
AZT NNP O
) -RRB- O
produces VBZ O
myelodysplasia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
AZT NNP O
has VBZ O
induced VBN O
a DT O
macrocytic JJ B-Disease
anemia NN I-Disease
in IN O
AIDS NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
on IN O
long JJ O
term NN O
AZT NNP O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
generally RB O
assumed VBN O
that IN O
DNA NN O
elongation NN O
is VBZ O
stopped VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
insertion NN O
of IN O
AZT NNP O
into IN O
the DT O
chain NN O
in IN O
place NN O
of IN O
thymidine NN O
thus RB O
preventing VBG O
the DT O
phosphate NN O
hydroxyl NN O
linkages NNS O
and CC O
therefore RB O
suppresses VBZ O
hemopoietic JJ O
progenitor NN O
cell NN O
proliferation NN O
in IN O
an DT O
early JJ O
stage NN O
of IN O
differentiation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CBA NNP O
/ SYM O
Ca NN O
male JJ O
mice NNS O
started VBN O
on IN O
AZT NNP O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
H2O NN O
at IN O
84 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
age NN O
and CC O
kept VBN O
on IN O
it PRP O
for IN O
687 CD O
days NNS O
when WRB O
dosage NN O
reduced VBN O
to IN O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
H2O NN O
for IN O
a DT O
group NN O
, , O
another DT O
group NN O
removed VBN O
from IN O
AZT NNP O
to TO O
see VB O
recovery NN O
, , O
and CC O
third JJ O
group NN O
remained VBD O
on IN O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
mg NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
687 CD O
days NNS O
mice NNS O
that WDT O
had VBD O
been VBN O
on IN O
0 CD O
. . O
75 CD O
mg NN O
had VBD O
average JJ O
platelet NN O
counts NNS O
of IN O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Histological JJ O
examination NN O
on IN O
9 CD O
of IN O
10 CD O
mice NNS O
with IN O
such JJ O
thrombocytopenia NN B-Disease
showed VBD O
changes NNS O
compatible JJ O
with IN O
myelodysplastic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
MDS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
variety NN O
of IN O
histological JJ O
patterns NNS O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
hypocellular JJ O
myelodysplasia NN B-Disease
, , O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
hypersegmented VBN O
myelodysplastic JJ B-Disease
granulocytosis NN O
, , O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
hypercellular JJ O
marrow NN O
with IN O
abnormal JJ O
megakaryocytes NNS O
with IN O
bizarre JJ O
nuclei NNS O
, , O
one CD O
case NN O
of IN O
megakaryocytic JJ O
myelosis NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
a DT O
hyperplastic JJ B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
, , O
dysmyelopoiesis NN B-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
hypocellular JJ B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
and CC O
two CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
myelodysplasia NN B-Disease
with IN O
dyserythropoiesis NN B-Disease
, , O
hemosiderosis NN B-Disease
and CC O
a DT O
hypocellular JJ B-Disease
marrow NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Above IN O
mentioned VBN O
AZT NNP O
incorporation NN O
may MD O
have VB O
induced VBN O
an DT O
ineffective JJ O
hemopoiesis NN O
in IN O
the DT O
primitive JJ O
hemopoietic JJ O
progenitor NN O
cells NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
known VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
seen VBN O
commonly RB O
in IN O
the DT O
myelodysplastic JJ B-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Biphasic JJ O
response NN O
of IN O
the DT O
SA NNP O
node NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dog NN O
heart NN O
in IN O
vivo NN O
to IN O
selective JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
on IN O
the DT O
SA NNP O
node NN O
of IN O
the DT O
dog NN O
heart NN O
was VBD O
studied VBN O
in IN O
vivo NN O
using VBG O
a DT O
selective JJ O
perfusion NN O
technique NN O
of IN O
the DT O
SA NNP O
node NN O
artery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Injections NNS O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
in IN O
doses NNS O
from IN O
100 CD O
microgram NN O
to IN O
3 CD O
mg NN O
into IN O
the DT O
artery NN O
produced VBD O
a DT O
depression NN B-Disease
of IN O
the DT O
SA NNP O
nodal JJ O
activity NN O
by IN O
a DT O
direct JJ O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
depression NN B-Disease
was VBD O
followed VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
sudden JJ O
appearance NN O
of IN O
a DT O
stimulatory JJ O
phase NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Bilateral JJ O
vagotomy NN O
and CC O
sympathectomy NN O
or CC O
prior JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
a DT O
ganglion NN O
blocker NN O
failed VBD O
to TO O
inhibit VB O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
ketamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
while IN O
it PRP O
was VBD O
completely RB O
abolished VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
reserpinized VBN O
dogs NNS O
or CC O
by IN O
a DT O
prior JJ O
injection NN O
of IN O
a DT O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
blocking VBG O
agent NN O
into IN O
the DT O
SA NNP O
node NN O
artery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
may MD O
indicate VB O
that IN O
an DT O
activation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
adrenergic JJ O
mechanism NN O
plays VBZ O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
induction NN O
of IN O
the DT O
excitatory JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
ketamine NN O
injected VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
SA NNP O
node NN O
artery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Over IN O
expression NN O
of IN O
vascular JJ O
endothelial JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
receptor NN O
during IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
estrogen NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
rat NN O
pituitary JJ B-Disease
tumors NNS I-Disease
may MD O
mediate VB O
estrogen NN O
- HYPH O
initiated VBN O
tumor NN B-Disease
angiogenesis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Estrogens NNS O
, , O
which WDT O
have VBP O
been VBN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
several JJ O
types NNS O
of IN O
human JJ O
and CC O
animal NN O
cancers NNS B-Disease
, , O
can MD O
induce VB O
tumor NN B-Disease
angiogenesis NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pituitary NN O
of IN O
Fischer NNP O
344 CD O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
mechanistic JJ O
details NNS O
of IN O
tumor NN B-Disease
angiogenesis NN O
induction NN O
, , O
during IN O
estrogen NN O
carcinogenesis NN B-Disease
, , O
are VBP O
still RB O
unknown JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
elucidate VB O
the DT O
role NN O
of IN O
estrogen NN O
in IN O
the DT O
regulation NN O
of IN O
tumor NN B-Disease
angiogenesis NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pituitary NN O
of IN O
female JJ O
rats NNS O
, , O
the DT O
density NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
vessels NNS O
was VBD O
analysed VBN O
using VBG O
factor NN O
VIII NN O
related VBN O
antigen NN O
( , O
FVIIIRAg NNP O
) , O
immunohistochemistry NN O
and CC O
the DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
vascular JJ O
endothelial JJ O
growth NN O
factor NN O
/ SYM O
vascular JJ O
permeability NN O
factor NN O
( -LRB- O
VEGF NNP O
/ SYM O
VPF NNP O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
by IN O
Western JJ O
blot NN O
and CC O
immunohistochemical JJ O
analysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
expression NN O
of IN O
VEGF NNP O
receptor NN O
( , O
VEGFR NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
/ SYM O
Flk NNP O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
KDR NN O
) -RRB- O
was VBD O
also RB O
examined VBN O
by IN O
immunohistochemistry NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
17beta NN O
- HYPH O
estradiol NN O
( , O
E2 NNP O
) -RRB- O
induces VBZ O
neovascularization NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
the DT O
growth NN O
and CC O
enlargement NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
vessels NNS O
after IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
exposure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
high JJ O
tumor NN B-Disease
angiogenic JJ O
potential NN O
was VBD O
associated VBN O
with IN O
an DT O
elevated JJ O
VEGF NNP O
/ SYM O
VPF NNP O
protein NN O
expression NN O
in IN O
the DT O
E2 NNP O
exposed VBN O
pituitary NN O
of IN O
ovariectomized VBN O
( , O
OVEX NNP O
) -RRB- O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
VEGF NNP O
/ SYM O
VPF NNP O
and CC O
FVIIIRAg NN O
immunohistochemistry NN O
and CC O
endothelial JJ O
specific JJ O
lectin NN O
( -LRB- O
UEA1 NNP O
) -RRB- O
binding NN O
studies NNS O
, , O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
elevation NN O
of IN O
VEGF NNP O
protein NN O
expression NN O
initially RB O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
both CC O
blood NN O
vessels NNS O
and CC O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
15 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
E2 NNP O
exposure NN O
, , O
VEGF NNP O
/ SYM O
VPF NNP O
protein NN O
expression NN O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
endothelial JJ O
cell NN O
population NN O
, , O
sharply RB O
declined VBD O
and CC O
was VBD O
restricted VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
blood NN O
vessels NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
function NN O
of IN O
non NN O
- HYPH O
endothelial NN O
- HYPH O
derived VBN O
VEGF NNP O
is VBZ O
not RB O
clear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Furthermore RB O
, , O
immunohistochemical JJ O
studies NNS O
demonstrated VBD O
that IN O
VEGFR NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
( HYPH O
flk NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
/ SYM O
KDR NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
expression NN O
was VBD O
elevated VBN O
significantly RB O
in IN O
the DT O
endothelial JJ O
cells NNS O
of IN O
microblood NN O
vessels NNS O
after IN O
7 CD O
days NNS O
of IN O
E2 NNP O
exposure NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
over IN O
expression NN O
of IN O
VEGF NNP O
and CC O
its PRP$ O
receptor NN O
( , O
VEGFR NNP O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
may MD O
play VB O
an DT O
important JJ O
role NN O
in IN O
the DT O
initial JJ O
step NN O
of IN O
the DT O
regulation NN O
of IN O
estrogen NN O
induced VBN O
tumor NN B-Disease
angiogenesis NN O
in IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
pituitary NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Persistent JJ O
nephrogenic JJ B-Disease
diabetes NN I-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
following VBG O
lithium NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
the DT O
case NN O
of IN O
a DT O
patient NN O
who WP O
developed VBD O
severe JJ O
hypernatraemic JJ O
dehydration NN B-Disease
following VBG O
a DT O
head NN B-Disease
injury NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Ten CD O
years NNS O
previously RB O
he PRP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
diagnosed VBN O
to TO O
have VB O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrogenic JJ B-Disease
diabetes NN I-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
lithium NN O
therapy NN O
had VBD O
been VBN O
discontinued VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
He PRP O
remained VBD O
thirsty JJ O
and CC O
polyuric JJ B-Disease
despite IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
lithium NN O
and CC O
investigations NNS O
on IN O
admission NN O
showed VBD O
him PRP O
to TO O
have VB O
normal JJ O
osmoregulated VBN O
thirst NN O
and CC O
vasopressin NN O
secretion NN O
, , O
with IN O
clear JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
nephrogenic JJ B-Disease
diabetes NN I-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Lithium NN O
induced VBN O
nephrogenic JJ B-Disease
diabetes NN I-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
considered VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
reversible JJ O
on IN O
cessation NN O
of IN O
therapy NN O
but CC O
polyuria NN B-Disease
persisted VBD O
in IN O
this DT O
patient NN O
for IN O
ten CD O
years NNS O
after IN O
lithium NN O
was VBD O
stopped VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
discuss VBP O
the DT O
possible JJ O
renal JJ O
mechanisms NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
implications NNS O
for IN O
management NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
lithium NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
nephrogenic JJ B-Disease
diabetes NNS I-Disease
insipidus NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
NIK NNP O
- HYPH O
247 CD O
on IN O
cholinesterase NN O
and CC O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
NIK NNP O
- HYPH O
247 CD O
on IN O
cholinesterase NN O
, , O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
and CC O
spontaneous JJ O
movement NN O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
and CC O
compared VBN O
with IN O
those DT O
of IN O
the DT O
well RB O
- HYPH O
known VBN O
cholinesterase NN O
inhibitors NNS O
tacrine NN O
and CC O
E NN O
- HYPH O
2020 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NIK NNP O
- HYPH O
247 CD O
, , O
tacrine NN O
and CC O
E NN O
- HYPH O
2020 CD O
all RB O
strongly RB O
inhibited VBN O
acetylcholinesterase NN O
( , O
AChE NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
human JJ O
red JJ O
blood NN O
cells NNS O
( , O
IC50s NNS O
= SYM O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
) SYM O
and CC O
3 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
x SYM O
10 CD O
( SYM O
- HYPH O
8 CD O
) SYM O
M NN O
, , O
respectively RB O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
NIK NNP O
- HYPH O
247 CD O
and CC O
tacrine NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
E NN O
- HYPH O
2020 CD O
, , O
strongly RB O
inhibited VBN O
butyrylcholinestrase NN O
( , O
BuChE NNP O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
human JJ O
serum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
three CD O
drugs NNS O
produced VBD O
mixed VBN O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
AChE NNP O
activity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
the DT O
inhibitory JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
NIK NNP O
- HYPH O
247 CD O
on IN O
AChE NNP O
was VBD O
reversible JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
compounds NNS O
at IN O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
p NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
significantly RB O
improved VBD O
the DT O
amnesia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
scopolamine NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
s NNS O
. . O
c NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
rats NNS O
performing VBG O
a DT O
passive JJ O
avoidance NN O
task NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
three CD O
compounds NNS O
at IN O
1 CD O
and CC O
3 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
p NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
did VBD O
not RB O
significantly RB O
decrease VB O
spontaneous JJ O
movement NN O
by IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
NIK NNP O
- HYPH O
247 CD O
at IN O
a DT O
low JJ O
dose NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
- SYM O
1 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
p NN O
. . O
o NFP O
. . O
) -RRB- O
improves VBZ O
scopolamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
amnesia NN B-Disease
but CC O
does VBZ O
not RB O
affect VB O
spontaneous JJ O
movement NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
findings NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
NIK NNP O
- HYPH O
247 CD O
may MD O
be VB O
a DT O
useful JJ O
drug NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
Alzheimer NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Potential JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
the DT O
selective JJ O
dopamine NN O
D1 NNP O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
, , O
A NNP O
- HYPH O
86929 CD O
: : O
an DT O
acute JJ O
study NN O
in IN O
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
primed VBN O
monkeys NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
clinical JJ O
utility NN O
of IN O
dopamine NN O
( -LRB- O
DA NN O
) -RRB- O
D1 CD O
receptor NN O
agonists NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
PD NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
still RB O
unclear JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
therapeutic JJ O
use NN O
of IN O
selective JJ O
DA NNP O
D1 NNP O
receptor NN O
agonists NNS O
such JJ O
as IN O
SKF NNP O
- HYPH O
82958 CD O
( SYM O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
chloro NN O
- HYPH O
7 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
allyl NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
phenyl NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
tetrahydro NN O
- HYPH O
1H CD O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
benzaze NN O
pine NN O
hydrobromide NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
A NNP O
- HYPH O
77636 CD O
( , O
[ -LRB- O
1R CD O
, , O
3S NNP O
] -RRB- O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
1 CD O
' '' O
- HYPH O
admantyl NN O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
aminomethyl NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
, , O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydro NN O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
, , O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
dihydroxy NN O
- HYPH O
1H CD O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
benzo NN O
pyran NN O
hydrochloride NN O
) , O
seems VBZ O
limited JJ O
because IN O
of IN O
their PRP$ O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
, , O
which WDT O
is VBZ O
too RB O
short JJ O
for IN O
SKF NNP O
- HYPH O
82958 CD O
( , O
< SYM O
1 CD O
hr NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
too RB O
long JJ O
for IN O
A NN O
- HYPH O
77636 CD O
( : O
> SYM O
20 CD O
hr NN O
, , O
leading VBG O
to IN O
behavioral JJ O
tolerance NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
therefore RB O
conducted VBD O
the DT O
present JJ O
acute JJ O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
response NN O
study NN O
in IN O
four CD O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
methyl NN O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
phenyl NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
2 CD O
, , O
3 CD O
, , O
6 CD O
- HYPH O
tetrahydropyridine NN O
( , O
MPTP NNP O
) -RRB- O
- HYPH O
exposed VBN O
cynomolgus NN O
monkeys NNS O
primed VBN O
to TO O
exhibit VB O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
to TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
locomotor NN O
and CC O
dyskinetic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
on IN O
challenge NN O
with IN O
four CD O
doses NNS O
( : O
from IN O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
to IN O
1 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
A NNP O
- HYPH O
86929 CD O
( HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
- : O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
[ -LRB- O
5aR NN O
, , O
11bS NNP O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
, , O
5a CD O
, , O
6 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
, , O
11b CD O
- HYPH O
hexahydro NN O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
propyl NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
thia NN O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
- HYPH O
+ CC O
+ SYM O
+ CC O
azacyclopent NN O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
ena NN O
[ -LRB- O
c NN O
] -RRB- O
phenathrene NN O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
- HYPH O
10 CD O
- HYPH O
diol NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
selective JJ O
and CC O
full JJ O
DA NN O
D1 NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
with IN O
an DT O
intermediate JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
action NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Levodopa NNP O
and CC O
the DT O
DA NN O
D2 NN O
- HYPH O
like JJ O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
, , O
LY NNP O
- HYPH O
171555 CD O
( , O
[ -LRB- O
4aR NN O
- HYPH O
trans NNP O
] -RRB- O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
, , O
4a CD O
, , O
5 CD O
, , O
6 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
, , O
8 CD O
, , O
8a CD O
, , O
9 CD O
- HYPH O
o CD O
- HYPH O
dihydro NN O
- HYPH O
5n CD O
- HYPH O
propyl NN O
- HYPH O
2H CD O
- HYPH O
pyrazo NN O
lo NN O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
4 CD O
- HYPH O
quinoline NN O
hydrochloride NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
also RB O
used VBN O
for IN O
comparison NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
A NN O
- HYPH O
86929 CD O
was VBD O
as RB O
efficacious JJ O
in IN O
alleviating VBG O
MPTP NNP O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
as IN O
levodopa NN O
and CC O
LY NNP O
- HYPH O
171555 CD O
, , O
but CC O
was VBD O
less RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
reproduce VB O
the DT O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
in IN O
these DT O
animals NNS O
than IN O
with IN O
either CC O
LY NNP O
- HYPH O
171555 CD O
or CC O
subsequent JJ O
challenge NN O
of IN O
levodopa NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Selective JJ O
stimulation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
DA NNP O
D1 NNP O
receptor NN O
may MD O
provide VB O
better JJR O
integration NN O
of IN O
neural JJ O
inputs NNS O
transmitted VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
internal JJ O
segment NN O
of IN O
the DT O
globus NN O
pallidus NN O
( , O
referred VBD O
to IN O
as IN O
the DT O
basal JJ O
ganglia NN O
output NN O
) , O
compared VBN O
with IN O
levodopa NN O
and CC O
selective JJ O
DA NNP O
D2 NNP O
receptor NN O
agonist NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Potent JJ O
DA NNP O
D1 NNP O
receptor NN O
agents NNS O
with IN O
an DT O
intermediate JJ O
duration NN O
of IN O
efficacy NN O
such JJ O
as IN O
A NNP O
- HYPH O
86929 CD O
( -LRB- O
approximately RB O
4 CD O
hr NN O
at IN O
higher JJR O
doses NNS O
tested VBN O
) , O
are VBP O
potential JJ O
therapeutic JJ O
tools NNS O
in IN O
PD NN B-Disease
and CC O
merit VBP O
further JJ O
attention NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuropeptide NN O
- HYPH O
Y NN O
immunoreactivity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
pilocarpine NN O
model NN O
of IN O
temporal JJ B-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neuropeptide NNP O
- HYPH O
Y NNP O
( , O
NPY NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
expressed VBN O
by IN O
granule NN O
cells NNS O
and CC O
mossy JJ O
fibres NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
hippocampal JJ O
dentate NN O
gyrus NN O
during IN O
experimental JJ O
temporal JJ B-Disease
lobe NN I-Disease
epilepsy NN I-Disease
( -LRB- O
TLE NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
expression NN O
may MD O
represent VB O
an DT O
endogenous JJ O
damping NN O
mechanism NN O
since IN O
NPY NNP O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
shown VBN O
to TO O
block VB O
seizure NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
like JJ O
events NNS O
following VBG O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
frequency NN O
stimulation NN O
in IN O
hippocampal JJ O
slices NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pilocarpine NN O
( , O
PILO NNP O
) -RRB- O
model NN O
of IN O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
characterized VBN O
by IN O
an DT O
acute JJ O
period NN O
of IN O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
followed VBN O
by IN O
spontaneous JJ O
recurrent JJ O
seizures NNS B-Disease
and CC O
related JJ O
brain NN B-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
peroxidase NN O
- HYPH O
antiperoxidase NN O
immunostaining NN O
for IN O
NPY NNP O
in IN O
several JJ O
brain NN O
regions NNS O
in IN O
this DT O
model NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PILO NN O
- HYPH O
injected VBN O
animals NNS O
exhibited VBD O
NPY NN O
immunoreactivity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
region NN O
of IN O
the DT O
mossy JJ O
fibre NN O
terminals NNS O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
dentate NN O
gyrus NN O
inner JJ O
molecular JJ O
layer NN O
and CC O
, , O
in IN O
a DT O
few JJ O
cases NNS O
, , O
within IN O
presumed VBN O
granule NN O
cells NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
NPY NNP O
immunoreactivity NN O
was VBD O
also RB O
dramatically RB O
changed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
entorhinal JJ O
cortex NN O
, , O
amygdala NN O
and CC O
sensorimotor NN O
areas NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
addition NN O
, , O
PILO NNP O
injected VBD O
animals NNS O
exhibited VBD O
a DT O
reduction NN O
in IN O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
NPY NNP O
- HYPH O
immunoreactive JJ O
interneurons NNS O
compared VBN O
with IN O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
results NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
changes NNS O
in IN O
NPY NNP O
expression NN O
, , O
including VBG O
expression NN O
in IN O
the DT O
granule NN O
cells NNS O
and CC O
mossy JJ O
fibres NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
loss NN O
of IN O
vulnerable JJ O
NPY NNP O
neurons NNS O
, , O
are VBP O
present JJ O
in IN O
the DT O
PILO NNP O
model NN O
of IN O
TLE NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
significance NN O
of IN O
this DT O
changed VBN O
synthesis NN O
of IN O
NPY NNP O
remains VBZ O
to TO O
be VB O
determined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Posteroventral JJ O
medial JJ O
pallidotomy NN O
in IN O
advanced JJ O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Posteroventral JJ O
medial JJ O
pallidotomy NN O
sometimes RB O
produces VBZ O
striking JJ O
improvement NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
advanced JJ O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NNS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
but CC O
the DT O
studies NNS O
to IN O
date NN O
have VBP O
involved VBN O
small JJ O
numbers NNS O
of IN O
patients NNS O
and CC O
short JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Forty CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s POS I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
underwent VBD O
serial JJ O
, , O
detailed JJ O
assessments NNS O
both CC O
after IN O
drug NN O
withdrawal NN O
( , O
"""" `` O
off JJ O
"""" '' O
period NN O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
while IN O
taking VBG O
their PRP$ O
optimal JJ O
medical JJ O
regimens NNS O
( : O
"""" `` O
on IN O
"""" '' O
period NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
preoperatively RB O
and CC O
39 CD O
were VBD O
examined VBN O
at IN O
six CD O
months NNS O
; : O
27 CD O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
also RB O
examined VBN O
at IN O
one CD O
year NN O
, , O
and CC O
11 CD O
at IN O
two CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
percent NN O
improvements NNS O
at IN O
six CD O
months NNS O
were VBD O
as IN O
follows VBZ O
: : O
off IN O
- HYPH O
period NN O
score NN O
for IN O
overall JJ O
motor NN O
function NN O
, , O
28 CD O
percent NN O
( : O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
19 CD O
to TO O
38 CD O
percent NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
with IN O
most JJS O
of IN O
the DT O
improvement NN O
in IN O
the DT O
contralateral JJ O
limbs NNS O
; : O
off JJ O
- HYPH O
period NN O
score NN O
for IN O
activities NNS O
of IN O
daily JJ O
living NN O
, , O
29 CD O
percent NN O
( : O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
19 CD O
to TO O
39 CD O
percent NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
on IN O
- HYPH O
period NN O
score NN O
for IN O
contralateral JJ O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
, , O
82 CD O
percent NN O
( : O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
72 CD O
to TO O
91 CD O
percent NN O
) -RRB- O
; , O
and CC O
on IN O
- HYPH O
period NN O
score NN O
for IN O
ipsilateral JJ O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
, , O
44 CD O
percent NN O
( : O
95 CD O
percent NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
, , O
29 CD O
to TO O
59 CD O
percent NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
improvements NNS O
in IN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
and CC O
the DT O
total JJ O
scores NNS O
for IN O
off JJ O
- HYPH O
period NN O
parkinsonism NN B-Disease
, , O
contralateral JJ O
bradykinesia NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
rigidity NN B-Disease
were VBD O
sustained VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
11 CD O
patients NNS O
examined VBN O
at IN O
two CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
improvement NN O
in IN O
ipsilateral JJ O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
was VBD O
lost VBN O
after IN O
one CD O
year NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
improvements NNS O
in IN O
postural JJ O
stability NN O
and CC O
gait NN O
lasted VBD O
only RB O
three CD O
to TO O
six CD O
months NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Approximately RB O
half PDT O
the DT O
patients NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
been VBN O
dependent JJ O
on IN O
assistance NN O
in IN O
activities NNS O
of IN O
daily JJ O
living NN O
in IN O
the DT O
off JJ O
period NN O
before IN O
surgery NN O
became VBD O
independent JJ O
after IN O
surgery NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
complications NNS O
of IN O
surgery NN O
were VBD O
generally RB O
well RB O
tolerated VBN O
, , O
and CC O
there EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
significant JJ O
changes NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
late JJ O
- HYPH O
stage NN O
Parkinson NNP B-Disease
' POS I-Disease
s NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
pallidotomy NN O
significantly RB O
reduces VBZ O
levodopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
dyskinesias NNS B-Disease
and CC O
off JJ O
- HYPH O
period NN O
disability NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Much JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
benefit NN O
is VBZ O
sustained VBN O
at IN O
two CD O
years NNS O
, , O
although IN O
some DT O
improvements NNS O
, , O
such JJ O
as IN O
those DT O
on IN O
the DT O
ipsilateral JJ O
side NN O
and CC O
in IN O
axial JJ O
symptoms NNS O
, , O
wane VBP O
within IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
year NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
on IN O
- HYPH O
period NN O
symptoms NNS O
that WDT O
are VBP O
resistant JJ O
to IN O
dopaminergic JJ O
therapy NN O
do VBP O
not RB O
respond VB O
to IN O
pallidotomy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clarithromycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
tachycardia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clarithromycin NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
relatively RB O
new JJ O
macrolide NN O
antibiotic NN O
that WDT O
offers VBZ O
twice JJ O
- HYPH O
daily JJ O
dosing NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
differs VBZ O
from IN O
erythromycin NN O
only RB O
in IN O
the DT O
methylation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
hydroxyl NN O
group NN O
at IN O
position NN O
6 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
the DT O
side NN O
- HYPH O
effect NN O
profile NN O
of IN O
erythromycin NN O
is VBZ O
established VBN O
, , O
including VBG O
gastroenteritis NN B-Disease
and CC O
interactions NNS O
with IN O
other JJ O
drugs NNS O
subject JJ O
to IN O
hepatic JJ O
mixed JJ O
- HYPH O
function NN O
oxidase NN O
metabolism NN O
, , O
experience NN O
with IN O
the DT O
newer JJR O
macrolides NNS O
is VBZ O
still RB O
being VBG O
recorded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
has VBZ O
been VBN O
demonstrated VBN O
after IN O
both CC O
intravenous JJ O
and CC O
oral JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
erythromycin NN O
but CC O
has VBZ O
never RB O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
newer JJR O
macrolides NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
report VBP O
a DT O
case NN O
of IN O
ventricular JJ B-Disease
dysrhythmias NN I-Disease
that WDT O
occurred VBD O
after IN O
six CD O
therapeutic JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
clarithromycin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dysrhythmias NNS B-Disease
resolved VBN O
after IN O
discontinuation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effect NN O
of IN O
glyceryl NN O
trinitrate NN O
on IN O
the DT O
sphincter NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
Oddi NNP I-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
evoked VBN O
by IN O
prostigmine JJ O
- HYPH O
morphine NN O
administration NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
In IN O
this DT O
study VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
glyceryl NN O
trinitrate NN O
on IN O
the DT O
prostigmine NN O
- HYPH O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sphincter NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
Oddi NNP I-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
was VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
nine CD O
female JJ O
patients NNS O
with IN O
sphincter NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
Oddi NNP I-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHOD NN O
: : O
Sphincter NNP B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
Oddi NNP I-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
prostigmine NN O
- HYPH O
morphine NN O
administration NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
prostigmine NN O
intramuscularly RB O
and CC O
10 CD O
mg NN O
morphine NN O
subcutaneously RB O
) , O
and CC O
visualized VBN O
by IN O
quantitative JJ O
hepatobiliary JJ O
scintigraphy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
entire JJ O
procedure NN O
was VBD O
repeated VBN O
during IN O
glyceryl NN O
trinitrate NN O
infusion NN O
( , O
Nitrolingual NNP O
1 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
for IN O
120 CD O
min NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Prostigmine JJ O
- HYPH O
morphine NN O
provocation NN O
caused VBD O
significant JJ O
increases NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
time NN O
to IN O
peak NN O
activity NN O
( : O
Tmax NNP O
) -RRB- O
over IN O
the DT O
hepatic JJ O
hilum NN O
( , O
HH NN O
: : O
34 CD O
. . O
33 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
22 CD O
. . O
77 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
26 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
common JJ O
bile NN O
duct NN O
( : O
CBD NN O
: : O
60 CD O
. . O
44 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
. . O
99 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
40 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
88 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
in IN O
the DT O
half JJ O
- HYPH O
time NN O
of IN O
excretion NN O
( , O
T1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
over IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
parenchyma NN O
( : O
LP NN O
: : O
120 CD O
. . O
04 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
16 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
27 CD O
. . O
37 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
19 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
HH NN O
( : O
117 CD O
. . O
61 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
14 CD O
. . O
71 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
31 CD O
. . O
85 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
99 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
CBD NN O
( : O
158 CD O
. . O
11 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
9 CD O
. . O
18 CD O
vs NN O
. . O
40 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
24 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
indicating VBG O
a DT O
complete JJ O
spasm NN B-Disease
at IN O
the DT O
level NN O
of IN O
the DT O
sphincter NN O
of IN O
Oddi NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Glyceryl NN O
trinitrate NN O
infusion NN O
completely RB O
normalized VBD O
the DT O
prostigmine NN O
- HYPH O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
alterations NNS O
in IN O
these DT O
quantitative JJ O
parameters NNS O
( : O
TmaX NNP O
over IN O
the DT O
LP NN O
: : O
11 CD O
. . O
33 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
13 CD O
; : O
over IN O
the DT O
HH NN O
: : O
18 CD O
. . O
88 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
48 CD O
; : O
and CC O
over IN O
the DT O
CBD NN O
: : O
36 CD O
. . O
22 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
92 CD O
; : O
and CC O
T1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
over IN O
the DT O
LP NN O
: : O
28 CD O
. . O
21 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
83 CD O
; : O
over IN O
the DT O
HH NN O
: : O
33 CD O
. . O
42 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
10 CD O
; : O
and CC O
over IN O
the DT O
CBD NN O
: : O
41 CD O
. . O
66 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
33 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
suggesting VBG O
an DT O
effective JJ O
sphincter NN O
- HYPH O
relaxing VBG O
effect NN O
of IN O
glyceryl NN O
trinitrate NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
These DT O
results NNS O
provide VBP O
the DT O
first JJ O
evidence NN O
of IN O
the DT O
effectiveness NN O
of IN O
glyceryl NN O
trinitrate NN O
on IN O
the DT O
morphine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
sphincter NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
Oddi NNP I-Disease
spasm NN I-Disease
in IN O
humans NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
glyceryl NN O
trinitrate NN O
is VBZ O
able JJ O
to TO O
overcome VB O
even RB O
the DT O
drastic JJ O
effect NN O
of IN O
morphine NN O
, , O
it PRP O
might MD O
be VB O
of IN O
relevance NN O
in IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
sphincter NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
Oddi NNP I-Disease
dyskinesia NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunopathology NN O
of IN O
penicillamine NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
glomerular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Four CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
rheumatoid JJ B-Disease
arthritis NN I-Disease
developed VBD O
heavy JJ O
proteinuria NN B-Disease
after IN O
five CD O
to TO O
12 CD O
months NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
D NN O
- HYPH O
penicillamine NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Light JJ O
microscopy NN O
of IN O
renal JJ O
biopsy NN O
samples NNS O
showed VBD O
minimal JJ O
glomerular JJ O
capillary NN O
wall NN O
thickening NN O
and CC O
mesangial JJ O
matrix NN O
increase NN O
, , O
or CC O
no DT O
departure NN O
from IN O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Electron NN O
microscopy NN O
, , O
however RB O
, , O
revealed VBD O
subepithelial JJ O
electron NN O
- HYPH O
dense JJ O
deposits NNS O
, , O
fusion NN O
of IN O
epithelial JJ O
cell NN O
foot NN O
processes NNS O
, , O
and CC O
evidence NN O
of IN O
mesangial JJ O
cell NN O
hyperactivity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Immunofluorescence NN O
microscopy NN O
demonstrated VBD O
granular JJ O
capillary JJ O
wall NN O
deposits NNS O
of IN O
IgG NNP O
and CC O
C3 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
findings NNS O
were VBD O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
in IN O
early JJ O
membranous JJ B-Disease
glomerulonephritis NN I-Disease
, , O
differences NNS O
being VBG O
observed VBN O
however RB O
in IN O
the DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
staining VBG O
for IN O
the DT O
early JJ O
- HYPH O
acting VBG O
complement NN O
components NNS O
C1q NNP O
and CC O
C4 NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
tentatively RB O
concluded VBN O
that IN O
complement NN O
was VBD O
activated VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
classical JJ O
pathway NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Experimental JJ O
cranial JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
elicited VBN O
by IN O
capsaicin NN O
: : O
a DT O
PET NNP O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
a DT O
positron NN O
emission NN O
tomography NN O
( , O
PET NNP O
) -RRB- O
study NN O
it PRP O
was VBD O
shown VBN O
recently RB O
that IN O
in IN O
migraine NN B-Disease
without IN O
aura NN O
certain JJ O
areas NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
brain NN O
stem NN O
were VBD O
activated VBN O
during IN O
the DT O
headache NN B-Disease
state NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
in IN O
the DT O
headache NN B-Disease
free JJ O
interval NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
was VBD O
suggested VBN O
that IN O
this DT O
brain NN O
stem NN O
activation NN O
is VBZ O
inherent JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
attack NN O
itself PRP O
and CC O
represents VBZ O
the DT O
so RB O
called VBN O
' `` O
migraine NN B-Disease
generator NN O
' '' O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
test VB O
this DT O
hypothesis NN O
we PRP O
performed VBD O
an DT O
experimental JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
study NN O
in IN O
seven CD O
healthy JJ O
volunteers NNS O
, , O
using VBG O
the DT O
same JJ O
positioning NN O
in IN O
the DT O
PET NNP O
scanner NN O
as IN O
in IN O
the DT O
migraine NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
small JJ O
amount NN O
of IN O
capsaicin NN O
was VBD O
administered VBN O
subcutaneously RB O
in IN O
the DT O
right JJ O
forehead NN O
to TO O
evoke VB O
a DT O
burning VBG O
painful JJ B-Disease
sensation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
first JJ O
division NN O
of IN O
the DT O
trigeminal JJ O
nerve NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increases NNS O
of IN O
regional JJ O
cerebral JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
( , O
rCBF NNP O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
found VBN O
bilaterally RB O
in IN O
the DT O
insula NN O
, , O
in IN O
the DT O
anterior JJ O
cingulate NN O
cortex NN O
, , O
the DT O
cavernous JJ O
sinus NN O
and CC O
the DT O
cerebellum NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
the DT O
same JJ O
stereotactic JJ O
space NN O
limits NNS O
as IN O
in IN O
the DT O
above JJ O
mentioned VBN O
migraine NN B-Disease
study NN O
no DT O
brain NN O
stem NN O
activation NN O
was VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
pain NN B-Disease
state NN O
compared VBN O
to IN O
the DT O
pain NN B-Disease
free JJ O
state NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
increase NN O
of IN O
activation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
region NN O
of IN O
the DT O
cavernous JJ O
sinus NN O
however RB O
, , O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
this DT O
structure NN O
is VBZ O
more RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
be VB O
involved VBN O
in IN O
trigeminal JJ O
transmitted VBN O
pain NN B-Disease
as IN O
such JJ O
, , O
rather RB O
than IN O
in IN O
a DT O
specific JJ O
type NN O
of IN O
headache NN B-Disease
as IN O
was VBD O
suggested VBN O
for IN O
cluster NN B-Disease
headache NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Value NN O
of IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
in IN O
prevention NN O
of IN O
the DT O
arthralgia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
myalgia NN B-Disease
syndrome NN O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
total JJ O
dose NN O
infusion NN O
of IN O
iron NN O
dextran NN O
: : O
a DT O
double JJ O
blind JJ O
randomized JJ O
trial NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
safety NN O
and CC O
efficacy NN O
of IN O
total JJ O
dose NN O
infusion NN O
( -LRB- O
TDI NNP O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
iron NN O
dextran NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
well RB O
documented VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
40 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
treated VBN O
patients NNS O
, , O
an DT O
arthralgia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
myalgia NN B-Disease
syndrome NN O
develops VBZ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
purpose NN O
of IN O
this DT O
randomized JJ O
, , O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
, , O
prospective JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
investigate VB O
whether IN O
intravenous JJ O
( : O
i LS O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
administration NN O
of IN O
methylprednisolone NN O
( -LRB- O
MP NN O
) -RRB- O
prevents VBZ O
this DT O
complication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Sixty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
34 CD O
women NNS O
and CC O
31 CD O
men NNS O
, , O
ages NNS O
36 CD O
to TO O
80 CD O
years NNS O
, , O
received VBD O
either CC O
normal JJ O
saline NN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
TDI NNP O
( , O
group NN O
1 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
125 CD O
mg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
MP NN O
before RB O
and CC O
saline NN O
after IN O
TDI NNP O
( , O
group NN O
2 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
or CC O
125 CD O
mg NN O
i CD O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
MP NN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
TDI NNP O
( , O
group NN O
3 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Patients NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
for IN O
72 CD O
hours NNS O
and CC O
reactions NNS O
were VBD O
recorded VBN O
and CC O
graded VBN O
according VBG O
to IN O
severity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Fifty CD O
- HYPH O
eight CD O
percent NN O
of IN O
group NN O
1 CD O
patients NNS O
, , O
33 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
group NN O
2 CD O
, , O
and CC O
26 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
group NN O
3 CD O
had VBD O
reactions NNS O
to IN O
TDI NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
reactions NNS O
( , O
minimal JJ O
, , O
mild JJ O
, , O
and CC O
moderate JJ O
, , O
respectively RB O
) , O
was VBD O
as IN O
follows VBZ O
: : O
group NN O
1 CD O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
, , O
6 CD O
, , O
and CC O
2 CD O
; : O
group NN O
2 CD O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
, , O
5 CD O
, , O
and CC O
0 CD O
; : O
group NN O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
, , O
1 CD O
, , O
and CC O
0 CD O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Data NNS O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
two CD O
- HYPH O
sided VBN O
Fisher NNP O
' POS O
s POS O
exact JJ O
test NN O
using VBG O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
intervals NNS O
with IN O
the DT O
approximation NN O
of IN O
Woolf NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
data NNS O
demonstrate VBP O
that IN O
administration NN O
of IN O
MP NNP O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
TDI NNP O
reduces VBZ O
the DT O
frequency NN O
and CC O
severity NN O
of IN O
the DT O
arthralgia NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
myalgia NN B-Disease
syndrome NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
125 CD O
mg CD O
i NN O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
MP NN O
should MD O
be VB O
given VBN O
routinely RB O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
TDI NNP O
of IN O
iron NN O
dextran NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolongation NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
the DT I-Disease
QT NNP I-Disease
interval NN I-Disease
related VBN O
to IN O
cisapride NN O
- HYPH O
diltiazem NN O
interaction NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cisapride NNP O
, , O
a DT O
cytochrome NN O
P450 NNP O
3A4 CD O
( , O
CYP3A4 NNP O
) -RRB- O
substrate NN O
, , O
is VBZ O
widely RB O
prescribed VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
gastrointestinal JJ B-Disease
motility NN I-Disease
disorders NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prolongation NN B-Disease
of IN I-Disease
QT NNP I-Disease
interval NN I-Disease
, , O
torsades NNS B-Disease
de FW I-Disease
pointes NNS I-Disease
, , O
and CC O
sudden JJ B-Disease
cardiac JJ I-Disease
death NN I-Disease
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
after IN O
concomitant JJ O
administration NN O
with IN O
erythromycin NN O
or CC O
azole NN O
antifungal JJ O
agents NNS O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
with IN O
other JJ O
CYP3A4 NNP O
inhibitors NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
possible JJ O
drug NN O
interaction NN O
occurred VBD O
in IN O
a DT O
45 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
woman NN O
who WP O
was VBD O
taking VBG O
cisapride NN O
for IN O
gastroesophageal JJ B-Disease
reflux NN I-Disease
disorder NN I-Disease
and CC O
diltiazem NN O
, , O
an DT O
agent NN O
that WDT O
has VBZ O
inhibitory JJ O
effect NN O
on IN O
CYP3A4 NNP O
, , O
for IN O
hypertension NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patient NN O
was VBD O
in IN O
near JJ O
syncope NN B-Disease
and CC O
had VBD O
QT NNP B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
interval NN I-Disease
prolongation NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
discontinuing VBG O
cisapride NN O
, , O
the DT O
QT NNP O
interval NN O
returned VBD O
to IN O
normal JJ O
and CC O
symptoms NNS O
did VBD O
not RB O
recur VB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
caution NN O
be VB O
taken VBN O
when WRB O
cisapride NN O
is VBZ O
prescribed VBN O
with IN O
any DT O
potent JJ O
inhibitor NN O
of IN O
CYP3A4 NNP O
, , O
including VBG O
diltiazem NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cortical JJ O
motor NN O
overactivation NN O
in IN O
parkinsonian JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
with IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
peak NN O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
studied VBN O
the DT O
regional JJ O
cerebral JJ O
blood NN O
flow NN O
( , O
rCBF NNP O
) -RRB- O
changes NNS O
induced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
execution NN O
of IN O
a DT O
finger NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
thumb NN O
opposition NN O
motor NN O
task NN O
in IN O
the DT O
supplementary JJ O
and CC O
primary JJ O
motor NN O
cortex NN O
of IN O
two CD O
groups NNS O
of IN O
parkinsonian JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
on IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
dopa NN O
medication NN O
, , O
the DT O
first JJ O
one CD O
without IN O
L NNP O
- HYPH O
dopa NN O
induced VBN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
23 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
other JJ O
with IN O
moderate JJ O
peak NN O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
15 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
of IN O
a DT O
group NN O
of IN O
14 CD O
normal JJ O
subjects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Single JJ O
photon NN O
emission NN O
tomography NN O
with IN O
i PRP O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
133Xe CD O
was VBD O
used VBN O
to TO O
measure VB O
the DT O
rCBF NNP O
changes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dyskinetic JJ B-Disease
parkinsonian NN B-Disease
patients NNS O
exhibited VBD O
a DT O
pattern NN O
of IN O
response NN O
which WDT O
was VBD O
markedly RB O
different JJ O
from IN O
those DT O
of IN O
the DT O
normal JJ O
subjects NNS O
and CC O
non JJ O
- HYPH O
dyskinetic JJ B-Disease
parkinsonian JJ B-Disease
patients NNS O
, , O
with IN O
a DT O
significant JJ O
overactivation NN O
in IN O
the DT O
supplementary JJ O
motor NN O
area NN O
and CC O
the DT O
ipsi JJ O
- HYPH O
and CC O
contralateral JJ O
primary JJ O
motor NN O
areas NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
are VBP O
compatible JJ O
with IN O
the DT O
hypothesis NN O
that IN O
an DT O
hyperkinetic JJ B-Disease
abnormal JJ B-Disease
involuntary JJ I-Disease
movement NN I-Disease
, , O
like IN O
L NN O
- HYPH O
dopa NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
peak NN O
dose NN O
dyskinesia NN B-Disease
, , O
is VBZ O
due JJ O
to IN O
a DT O
disinhibition NN O
of IN O
the DT O
primary JJ O
and CC O
associated VBN O
motor NN O
cortex NN O
secondary JJ O
to IN O
an DT O
excessive JJ O
outflow NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pallidothalamocortical JJ O
motor NN O
loop NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Open JJ O
- HYPH O
label NN O
assessment NN O
of IN O
levofloxacin NN O
for IN O
the DT O
treatment NN O
of IN O
acute JJ O
bacterial JJ O
sinusitis NN B-Disease
in IN O
adults NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PURPOSE NN O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
efficacy NN O
and CC O
safety NN O
of IN O
levofloxacin NN O
( : O
500 CD O
mg NN O
orally RB O
once RB O
daily RB O
for IN O
10 CD O
to TO O
14 CD O
days NNS O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
treating VBG O
adult NN O
outpatients NNS O
with IN O
acute JJ O
bacterial JJ O
sinusitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
A DT O
total NN O
of IN O
329 CD O
patients NNS O
enrolled VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
at IN O
24 CD O
centers NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
therapy NN O
Gram NNP O
' POS O
s NN O
stain NN O
and CC O
culture NN O
of IN O
sinus NN O
exudate NN O
obtained VBN O
by IN O
antral JJ O
puncture NN O
or CC O
nasal JJ O
endoscopy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Clinical JJ O
response NN O
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
basis NN O
of IN O
signs NNS O
and CC O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
sinus NN O
radiograph NN O
or CC O
computed VBN O
tomography NN O
results NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Microbiologic JJ O
cure NN O
rates NNS O
were VBD O
determined VBN O
on IN O
the DT O
basis NN O
of IN O
presumed VBN O
plus CC O
documented VBN O
eradication NN O
of IN O
the DT O
pre JJ O
- HYPH O
therapy NN O
pathogen NN O
( , O
s FW O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
pathogens NNS O
were VBD O
Haemophilus NNP O
influenzae NN O
, , O
Streptococcus NNP O
pneumoniae NN O
, , O
Staphylococcus NNP O
aureus NN O
, , O
and CC O
Moraxella NNP O
catarrhalis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Of IN O
300 CD O
clinically RB O
evaluable JJ O
patients NNS O
, , O
175 CD O
( SYM O
58 CD O
% NN O
) CD O
were VBD O
cured VBN O
and CC O
90 CD O
( SYM O
30 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
improved VBN O
at IN O
the DT O
post NN O
- HYPH O
therapy NN O
evaluation NN O
, , O
resulting VBG O
in IN O
a DT O
clinical JJ O
success NN O
rate NN O
of IN O
88 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
five CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
12 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
clinically RB O
failed VBD O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
microbiologic JJ O
eradication NN O
rate NN O
( , O
presumed VBN O
plus CC O
documented VBN O
) , O
among IN O
138 CD O
microbiologically RB O
evaluable JJ O
patients NNS O
was VBD O
92 CD O
% NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Microbiologic JJ O
eradication NN O
rates NNS O
( , O
presumed VBN O
plus CC O
documented VBN O
) , O
of IN O
the DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
pathogens NNS O
ranged VBD O
from IN O
93 CD O
% NN O
( , O
M NN O
. . O
catarrhalis NN O
) -RRB- O
to IN O
100 CD O
% NN O
( , O
S NN O
. . O
pneumoniae NN O
) -RRB- O
at IN O
the DT O
post NN O
- HYPH O
therapy NN O
visit NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
All DT O
but IN O
one CD O
of IN O
the DT O
265 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
were VBD O
cured VBN O
or CC O
improved VBD O
at IN O
post NN O
- HYPH O
therapy NN O
returned VBD O
for IN O
a DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
visit NN O
; : O
243 CD O
( SYM O
92 CD O
% NN O
) SYM O
remained VBD O
well JJ O
4 CD O
to TO O
6 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
therapy NN O
; : O
and CC O
21 CD O
( SYM O
8 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
had VBD O
a DT O
relapse NN O
of IN O
symptoms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Adverse JJ O
events NNS O
considered VBN O
to TO O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
levofloxacin JJ O
administration NN O
were VBD O
reported VBN O
by IN O
29 CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
9 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
most RBS O
common JJ O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
related VBN O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
were VBD O
diarrhea NN B-Disease
, , O
flatulence NN B-Disease
, , O
and CC O
nausea NN B-Disease
; , O
most JJS O
adverse JJ O
events NNS O
were VBD O
mild JJ O
to IN O
moderate JJ O
in IN O
severity NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
The DT O
results NNS O
of IN O
this DT O
study NN O
indicate VBP O
that IN O
levofloxacin NN O
500 CD O
mg NN O
once RB O
daily RB O
is VBZ O
an DT O
effective JJ O
and CC O
safe JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
acute JJ O
bacterial JJ O
sinusitis NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Iatrogenic JJ O
risks NNS O
of IN O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
carcinoma NN I-Disease
after IN O
treatment NN O
for IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
large JJ O
French JJ O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
F NNP O
d NNP O
ration NNP O
Nationale NNP O
des FW O
Centres NNP O
de NNP O
Lutte NNP O
Contre NNP O
le NNP O
Cancer NNP O
( : O
FNCLCC NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Since IN O
tamoxifen NN O
is VBZ O
widely RB O
used VBN O
in IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
treatment NN O
and CC O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
proposed VBN O
for IN O
the DT O
prevention NN O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
its PRP$ O
endometrial JJ O
iatrogenic JJ O
effects NNS O
must MD O
be VB O
carefully RB O
examined VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
have VBP O
investigated VBN O
the DT O
association NN O
between IN O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
and CC O
tamoxifen NN O
use NN O
or CC O
other JJ O
treatments NNS O
in IN O
women NNS O
treated VBN O
for IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
in IN O
a DT O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Cases NNS O
of IN O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
diagnosed VBN O
after IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
135 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
467 CD O
controls NNS O
matched VBN O
for IN O
age NN O
, , O
year NN O
of IN O
diagnosis NN O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
and CC O
hospital NN O
and CC O
survival NN O
time NN O
with IN O
an DT O
intact JJ O
uterus NN O
were VBD O
included VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Women NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
received VBN O
tamoxifen NN O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
more RBR O
likely JJ O
to TO O
have VB O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
diagnosed VBN O
than IN O
those DT O
who WP O
had VBD O
not RB O
( , O
crude JJ O
relative JJ O
risk NN O
= SYM O
4 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
, , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Univariate NN O
and CC O
adjusted VBN O
analyses NNS O
showed VBD O
that IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
increased VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
length NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
the DT O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
tamoxifen NN O
received VBN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
irrespective JJ O
of IN O
the DT O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Women NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
undergone VBN O
pelvic JJ O
radiotherapy NN O
also RB O
had VBD O
a DT O
higher JJR O
risk NN O
( : O
crude JJ O
relative JJ O
risk NN O
= SYM O
7 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
, , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0001 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
adjusting VBG O
for IN O
confounding VBG O
factors NNS O
, , O
the DT O
risk NN O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
for IN O
tamoxifen NN O
users NNS O
( , O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
0012 CD O
) -RRB- O
, , O
treatment NN O
for IN O
more JJR O
than IN O
3 CD O
years NNS O
( , O
all DT O
p NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
pelvic JJ O
radiotherapy NN O
( : O
p NN O
= SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
012 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Women NNS O
who WP O
had VBD O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
and CC O
had VBD O
received VBN O
tamoxifen NN O
had VBD O
more JJR O
advanced JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
and CC O
poorer JJR O
prognosis NN O
than IN O
those DT O
with IN O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
who WP O
had VBD O
not RB O
received VBN O
this DT O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
a DT O
causal JJ O
role NN O
of IN O
tamoxifen NN O
in IN O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
particularly RB O
when WRB O
used VBN O
as IN O
currently RB O
proposed VBN O
for IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
prevention NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pelvic JJ O
radiotherapy NN O
may MD O
be VB O
an DT O
additional JJ O
iatrogenic JJ O
factor NN O
for IN O
women NNS O
with IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancers NNS I-Disease
diagnosed VBN O
in IN O
women NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
tamoxifen NN O
have VBP O
poorer JJR O
prognosis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Women NNS O
who WP O
receive VBP O
tamoxifen NN O
for IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
should MD O
be VB O
offered VBN O
gynaecological JJ O
surveillance NN O
during IN O
and CC O
after IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
evaluation NN O
of IN O
the DT O
risk NN O
- HYPH O
benefit NN O
ratio NN O
of IN O
tamoxifen NN O
as IN O
a DT O
preventive JJ O
treatment NN O
for IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
clearly RB O
warranted VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Contribution NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glycine NN O
site NN O
of IN O
NMDA NNP O
receptors NNS O
in IN O
rostral JJ O
and CC O
intermediate JJ O
- HYPH O
caudal JJ O
parts NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
to IN O
the DT O
regulation NN O
of IN O
muscle NN O
tone NN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
aim NN O
of IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
contribution NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glycine NN O
site NN O
of IN O
NMDA NNP O
receptors NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
to IN O
the DT O
regulation NN O
of IN O
muscle NN O
tone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Muscle NN O
tone NN O
was VBD O
examined VBN O
using VBG O
a DT O
combined VBN O
mechanoand NN O
electromyographic JJ O
method NN O
, , O
which WDT O
measured VBD O
simultaneously RB O
the DT O
muscle NN O
resistance NN O
( -LRB- O
MMG NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
' POS O
s NN O
hind JJ O
foot NN O
to IN O
passive JJ O
extension NN O
and CC O
flexion NN O
in IN O
the DT O
ankle NN O
joint NN O
and CC O
the DT O
electromyographic JJ O
activity NN O
( -LRB- O
EMG NNP O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
the DT O
antagonistic JJ O
muscles NNS O
of IN O
that DT O
joint NN O
: : O
gastrocnemius NN O
and CC O
tibialis NN O
anterior NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
by IN O
haloperidol NN O
( , O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
5 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
dichlorokynurenic NN O
acid NN O
( : O
5 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
DCKA NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
a DT O
selective JJ O
glycine NN O
site NN O
antagonist NN O
, , O
injected VBN O
in IN O
doses NNS O
of IN O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
and CC O
4 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
bilaterally RB O
, , O
into IN O
the DT O
rostral JJ O
region NN O
of IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
, , O
decreased VBN O
both CC O
the DT O
haloperidol NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
muscle NN B-Disease
rigidity NN I-Disease
( , O
MMG NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
the DT O
enhanced VBN O
electromyographic JJ O
activity NN O
( -LRB- O
EMG NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
5 CD O
, , O
7 CD O
- HYPH O
DCKA NNP O
injected VBD O
bilaterally RB O
in IN O
a DT O
dose NN O
of IN O
4 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
microl NN O
into IN O
the DT O
intermediate JJ O
- HYPH O
caudal JJ O
region NN O
of IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
of IN O
rats NNS O
not RB O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
haloperidol NN O
had VBD O
no DT O
effect NN O
on IN O
the DT O
muscle NN O
tone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
present JJ O
results NNS O
suggest VBP O
that IN O
blockade NN O
of IN O
the DT O
glycine NN O
site NN O
of IN O
NMDA NNP O
receptors NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
rostral JJ O
part NN O
of IN O
the DT O
striatum NN O
may MD O
be VB O
mainly RB O
responsible JJ O
for IN O
the DT O
antiparkinsonian JJ O
action NN O
of IN O
this DT O
drug NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Carboplatin NNP O
toxic JJ O
effects NNS O
on IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
of IN O
the DT O
rat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
The DT O
most RBS O
striking JJ O
of IN O
carboplatin NN O
' POS O
s NN O
advantages NNS O
( -LRB- O
CBDCA NNP O
) -RRB- O
over IN O
cisplatin NN O
( -LRB- O
CDDP NNP O
) -RRB- O
is VBZ O
its PRP$ O
markedly RB O
reduced VBN O
rate NN O
of IN O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
use NN O
of IN O
CBDCA NNP O
higher JJR O
- HYPH O
intensity NN O
schedules NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
association NN O
with IN O
other JJ O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
drugs NNS O
in IN O
polychemotherapy NN O
may MD O
cause VB O
some DT O
concern NN O
about IN O
its PRP$ O
safety NN O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
nervous JJ I-Disease
system NN I-Disease
damage NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIALS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Two CD O
different JJ O
schedules NNS O
of IN O
CBDCA NNP O
administration NN O
( : O
10 CD O
mg CD O
/ SYM O
kg NNS O
and CC O
15 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
i CD O
. . O
p NN O
. . O
twice PDT O
a DT O
week NN O
for IN O
nine CD O
times NNS O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
evaluated VBN O
in IN O
Wistar NNP O
rats NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
was VBD O
assessed VBN O
for IN O
behavioral JJ O
( , O
tail NN O
- HYPH O
flick NN O
test NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
neurophysiological JJ O
( , O
nerve NN O
conduction NN O
velocity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
tail NN O
nerve NN O
) , O
, , O
morphological JJ O
, , O
morphometrical JJ O
and CC O
analytical JJ O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
CBDCA NNP O
administration NN O
induced VBN O
dose NN O
- HYPH O
dependent JJ O
peripheral JJ B-Disease
neurotoxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pain NN B-Disease
perception NN O
and CC O
nerve NN O
conduction NN O
velocity NN O
in IN O
the DT O
tail NN O
were VBD O
significantly RB O
impaired VBN O
, , O
particularly RB O
after IN O
the DT O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
dorsal JJ O
root NN O
ganglia NN O
sensory NN O
neurons NNS O
and CC O
, , O
to IN O
a DT O
lesser JJR O
extent NN O
, , O
satellite NN O
cells NNS O
showed VBD O
the DT O
same JJ O
changes NNS O
as IN O
those DT O
induced VBN O
by IN O
CDDP NNP O
, , O
mainly RB O
affecting VBG O
the DT O
nucleus NN O
and CC O
nucleolus NN O
of IN O
ganglionic JJ O
sensory JJ O
neurons NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Moreover RB O
, , O
significant JJ O
amounts NNS O
of IN O
platinum NN O
were VBD O
detected VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
dorsal JJ O
root NN O
ganglia NN O
and CC O
kidney NN O
after IN O
CBDCA NNP O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
CBDCA NNP O
is VBZ O
neurotoxic JJ B-Disease
in IN O
our PRP$ O
model NN O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
type NN O
of IN O
pathological JJ O
changes NNS O
it PRP O
induces VBZ O
are VBP O
so RB O
closely RB O
similar JJ O
to IN O
those DT O
caused VBN O
by IN O
CDDP NNP O
that IN O
it PRP O
is VBZ O
probable JJ O
that IN O
neurotoxicity NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
induced VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
two CD O
drugs NNS O
by IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
mechanism NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
model NN O
can MD O
be VB O
used VBN O
alone RB O
or CC O
in IN O
combination NN O
with IN O
other JJ O
drugs NNS O
to TO O
explore VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
CBDCA NNP O
on IN O
the DT O
peripheral JJ O
nervous JJ O
system NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Effects NNS O
of IN O
cisapride NN O
on IN O
symptoms NNS O
and CC O
postcibal JJ O
small JJ O
- HYPH O
bowel NN O
motor NN O
function NN O
in IN O
patients NNS O
with IN O
irritable JJ B-Disease
bowel NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Irritable JJ B-Disease
bowel NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
is VBZ O
a DT O
common JJ O
cause NN O
of IN O
abdominal JJ B-Disease
pain NN I-Disease
and CC O
discomfort NN O
and CC O
may MD O
be VB O
related VBN O
to IN O
disordered VBN B-Disease
gastrointestinal JJ I-Disease
motility NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
aim NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
assess VB O
the DT O
effects NNS O
of IN O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
treatment NN O
with IN O
a DT O
prokinetic JJ O
agent NN O
, , O
cisapride NN O
, , O
on IN O
postprandial JJ O
jejunal JJ O
motility NN O
and CC O
symptoms NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
irritable JJ B-Disease
bowel NN I-Disease
syndrome NN I-Disease
( , O
IBS NNP B-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Thirty CD O
- HYPH O
eight CD O
patients NNS O
with IN O
IBS NNP B-Disease
( : O
constipation NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
predominant JJ O
, , O
n CC O
= SYM O
17 CD O
; : O
diarrhoea NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
predominant JJ O
, , O
n CD O
= SYM O
21 CD O
) -RRB- O
underwent VBD O
24 CD O
- HYPH O
h NN O
ambulatory JJ O
jejunal JJ O
manometry NN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
12 CD O
week NN O
' POS O
s NN O
treatment NN O
[ -LRB- O
cisapride NN O
, , O
5 CD O
mg NN O
three CD O
times NNS O
daily RB O
( , O
n CD O
= SYM O
19 CD O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
placebo NN O
( : O
n CD O
= SYM O
19 CD O
) -RRB- O
] -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
diarrhoea NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
predominant JJ O
patients NNS O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
in IN O
contraction NN O
characteristics NNS O
were VBD O
observed VBN O
between IN O
the DT O
cisapride NN O
and CC O
placebo NN O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
cisapride NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
diarrhoea NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
predominant JJ O
patients NNS O
the DT O
mean JJ O
contraction NN O
amplitude NN O
was VBD O
higher JJR O
( : O
29 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
3 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
versus IN O
24 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
, , O
cisapride NN O
versus IN O
placebo NN O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
pretreatment NN O
, , O
25 CD O
. . O
7 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
6 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
mm NN O
Hg NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
the DT O
mean JJ O
contraction NN O
duration NN O
longer JJR O
( , O
3 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
versus IN O
3 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
sec NN O
, , O
cisapride NN O
versus IN O
placebo NN O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
pretreatment NN O
, , O
3 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
sec NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
mean JJ O
contraction NN O
frequency NN O
lower JJR O
( : O
2 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
2 CD O
versus IN O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
4 CD O
cont NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
min NN O
, , O
cisapride NN O
versus IN O
placebo NN O
( : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
001 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
pretreatment NN O
, , O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
1 CD O
cont NN O
. . O
/ SYM O
min NN O
] -RRB- O
than IN O
patients NNS O
treated VBN O
with IN O
placebo NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
in IN O
jejunal JJ O
motility NN O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
constipation NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
predominant JJ O
IBS NNP B-Disease
group NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Symptoms NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
by IN O
using VBG O
a DT O
visual JJ O
analogue NN O
scale NN O
before IN O
and CC O
after IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Symptom NN O
scores NNS O
relating VBG O
to IN O
the DT O
severity NN O
of IN O
constipation NN B-Disease
were VBD O
lower JJR O
in IN O
cisapride NN O
- HYPH O
treated VBN O
constipation NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
predominant JJ O
IBS NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
[ -LRB- O
score NN O
, , O
54 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
5 CD O
versus IN O
67 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
14 CD O
mm NN O
, , O
cisapride NN O
versus IN O
placebo NN O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
pretreatment NN O
, , O
62 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
19 CD O
mm NN O
] -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Diarrhoea NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
predominant JJ O
IBS NNP B-Disease
patients NNS O
had VBD O
a DT O
higher JJR O
pain NN B-Disease
score NN O
after IN O
cisapride NN O
therapy NN O
[ -LRB- O
score NN O
, , O
55 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
15 CD O
versus IN O
34 CD O
+ SYM O
/ SYM O
- SYM O
12 CD O
mm NN O
, , O
cisapride NN O
versus IN O
placebo NN O
( , O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
05 CD O
) -RRB- O
; : O
pretreatment NN O
, , O
67 CD O
+ CD O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
19 CD O
mm NN O
] -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Cisapride NN O
affects VBZ O
jejunal JJ O
contraction NN O
characteristics NNS O
and CC O
some DT O
symptoms NNS O
in IN O
IBS NNP B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Prevention NN O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
with IN O
tamoxifen NN O
: : O
preliminary JJ O
findings NNS O
from IN O
the DT O
Italian JJ O
randomised VBN O
trial NN O
among IN O
hysterectomised VBN O
women NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Italian NNP O
Tamoxifen NNP O
Prevention NNP O
Study NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Tamoxifen NNP O
is VBZ O
a DT O
candidate NN O
chemopreventive JJ O
agent NN O
in IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
although IN O
the DT O
drug NN O
may MD O
be VB O
associated VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
development NN O
of IN O
endometrial JJ B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therefore RB O
we PRP O
did VBD O
a DT O
trial NN O
in IN O
hysterectomised JJ O
women NNS O
of IN O
tamoxifen NN O
as IN O
a DT O
chemopreventive NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
METHODS NNS O
: : O
In IN O
October NNP O
, , O
1992 CD O
, , O
we PRP O
started VBD O
a DT O
double JJ O
- HYPH O
blind JJ O
placebo NN O
- HYPH O
controlled VBN O
, , O
randomised VBN O
trial NN O
of IN O
tamoxifen NN O
in IN O
women NNS O
( , O
mainly RB O
in IN O
Italy NNP O
) , O
who WP O
did VBD O
not RB O
have VB O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
and CC O
who WP O
had VBD O
had VBN O
a DT O
hysterectomy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Women NNS O
were VBD O
randomised VBN O
to TO O
receive VB O
tamoxifen NN O
20 CD O
mg NN O
per IN O
day NN O
or CC O
placebo NN O
, , O
both DT O
orally RB O
for IN O
5 CD O
years NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
original JJ O
plan NN O
was VBD O
to TO O
follow VB O
the DT O
intervention NN O
phase NN O
by IN O
5 CD O
years NNS O
' POS O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
June NNP O
, , O
1997 CD O
, , O
the DT O
trialists NNS O
and CC O
the DT O
data NN O
- HYPH O
monitoring VBG O
committee NN O
decided VBD O
to TO O
end VB O
recruitment NN O
primarily RB O
because IN O
of IN O
the DT O
number NN O
of IN O
women NNS O
dropping VBG O
out IN O
of IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Recruitment NN O
ended VBD O
on IN O
July NNP O
11 CD O
, , O
1997 CD O
, , O
and CC O
the DT O
study NN O
will MD O
continue VB O
as IN O
planned VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
primary JJ O
endpoints NNS O
are VBP O
the DT O
occurrence NN O
of IN O
and CC O
deaths NNS O
from IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
preliminary JJ O
interim JJ O
analysis NN O
is VBZ O
based VBN O
on IN O
intention NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
treat NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
FINDINGS NNS O
: : O
5408 CD O
women NNS O
were VBD O
randomised VBN O
; : O
participating VBG O
women NNS O
have VBP O
a DT O
median JJ O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
46 CD O
months NNS O
for IN O
major JJ O
endpoints NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
41 CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
occurred VBD O
so RB O
far RB O
; : O
there EX O
have VBP O
been VBN O
no DT O
deaths NNS O
from IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
no DT O
difference NN O
in IN O
breast NN B-Disease
- HYPH I-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
frequency NN O
between IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
( , O
22 CD O
cases NNS O
) , O
and CC O
tamoxifen NN O
( SYM O
19 CD O
) SYM O
arms NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
is VBZ O
a DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
reduction NN O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
among IN O
women NNS O
receiving VBG O
tamoxifen NN O
who WP O
also RB O
used VBD O
hormone NN O
- HYPH O
replacement NN O
therapy NN O
during IN O
the DT O
trial NN O
: : O
among IN O
390 CD O
women NNS O
on IN O
such JJ O
therapy NN O
and CC O
allocated VBN O
to IN O
placebo NN O
, , O
we PRP O
found VBD O
eight CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
compared VBN O
with IN O
one CD O
case NN O
among IN O
362 CD O
women NNS O
allocated VBN O
to IN O
tamoxifen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Compared VBN O
with IN O
the DT O
placebo NN O
group NN O
, , O
there EX O
was VBD O
a DT O
significantly RB O
increased VBN O
risk NN O
of IN O
vascular JJ B-Disease
events NNS I-Disease
and CC O
hypertriglyceridaemia NN B-Disease
among IN O
women NNS O
on IN O
tamoxifen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
INTERPRETATION NN O
: : O
Although IN O
this DT O
preliminary JJ O
analysis NN O
has VBZ O
low JJ O
power NN O
, , O
in IN O
this DT O
cohort NN O
of IN O
women NNS O
at IN O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
normal JJ O
risk NN O
of IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
, , O
the DT O
postulated JJ O
protective JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
tamoxifen NN O
are VBP O
not RB O
yet RB O
apparent JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Women NNS O
using VBG O
hormone NN O
- HYPH O
replacement NN O
therapy NN O
appear VBP O
to TO O
have VB O
benefited VBN O
from IN O
use NN O
of IN O
tamoxifen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
no DT O
deaths NNS O
from IN O
breast NN B-Disease
cancer NN I-Disease
recorded VBN O
in IN O
women NNS O
in IN O
the DT O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
It PRP O
is VBZ O
essential JJ O
to TO O
continue VB O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
to TO O
quantify VB O
the DT O
long JJ O
- HYPH O
term NN O
risks NNS O
and CC O
benefits NNS O
of IN O
tamoxifen NN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Epileptogenic JJ O
activity NN O
of IN O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
after IN O
drug NN O
induces VBZ O
SLE NNP B-Disease
( , O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
and CC O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
) . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
study VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
multivitamin NN O
supplementation NN O
in IN O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
women NNS O
before IN O
and CC O
during IN O
pregnancy NN O
in IN O
order NN O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
rate NN O
of IN O
structural JJ O
birth NN B-Disease
defects NNS I-Disease
and CC O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
related VBN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
STUDY NN O
DESIGN NN O
: : O
First RB O
a DT O
randomised VBN O
trial NN O
, , O
later JJ O
periconception NN O
care NN O
including VBG O
in IN O
total JJ O
12225 CD O
females NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Of IN O
60 CD O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
women NNS O
with IN O
periconceptional JJ O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
( , O
0 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
- , O
containing VBG O
multivitamin NN O
supplementation NN O
, , O
no DT O
one NN O
developed VBD O
epilepsy NN B-Disease
- HYPH O
related VBN O
side NN O
effects NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
periconception NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
woman NN O
delivered VBD O
a DT O
newborn NN O
with IN O
cleft JJ B-Disease
lip NN I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
palate NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Another DT O
patient NN O
exhibited VBD O
with IN O
a DT O
cluster NN O
of IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
after IN O
the DT O
periconception NN O
period NN O
using VBG O
another DT O
multivitamin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
22 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
- HYPH O
old JJ O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
woman NN O
was VBD O
treated VBN O
continuously RB O
by IN O
carbamazepine NN O
and CC O
a DT O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
( : O
1 CD O
mg NN O
) NN O
- HYPH O
containing VBG O
multivitamin NN O
from IN O
the DT O
20th JJ O
week NN O
of IN O
gestation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
She PRP O
developed VBD O
status NN B-Disease
epilepticus NN I-Disease
and CC O
later JJ O
symptoms NNS O
of IN O
systemic JJ B-Disease
lupus NN I-Disease
erythematodes NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Her PRP$ O
pregnancy NN O
ended VBD O
with IN O
stillbirth NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSIONS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
pregnant JJ O
patient NN O
' POS O
s POS O
autoimmune JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
( , O
probably RB O
drug NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
lupus NN B-Disease
) -RRB- O
could MD O
damage VB O
the DT O
blood NN O
- HYPH O
brain NN O
barrier NN O
, , O
therefore RB O
the DT O
therapeutic JJ O
dose NN O
( : O
> NFP O
or CC O
= SYM O
1 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
triggered VBD O
a DT O
cluster NN O
of IN O
seizures NNS B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Physiological JJ O
dose NN O
( : O
< : O
1 CD O
mg NN O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
folic JJ O
acid NN O
both CC O
in IN O
healthy JJ O
and CC O
60 CD O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
women NNS O
, , O
all DT O
without IN O
any DT O
autoimmune JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
did VBD O
not RB O
increase VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
for IN O
epileptic JJ B-Disease
seizures NNS I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Stroke NN B-Disease
and CC O
cocaine NN O
or CC O
amphetamine NN O
use NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
association NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
amphetamine NN O
use NN O
with IN O
hemorrhagic JJ O
and CC O
ischemic JJ B-Disease
stroke NN B-Disease
is VBZ O
based VBN O
almost RB O
solely RB O
on IN O
data NNS O
from IN O
case NN O
series NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
limited JJ O
number NN O
of IN O
epidemiologic JJ O
studies NNS O
of IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
and CC O
use NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
amphetamine NN O
have VBP O
been VBN O
done VBN O
in IN O
settings NNS O
that WDT O
serve VBP O
mostly RB O
the DT O
poor JJ O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
minorities NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
case NN O
- HYPH O
control NN O
study NN O
was VBD O
conducted VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
defined VBN O
population NN O
comprising VBG O
members NNS O
of IN O
Kaiser NNP O
Permanente NNP O
of IN O
Northern NNP O
and CC O
Southern NNP O
California NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
attempted VBD O
to TO O
identify VB O
all DT O
incident NN O
strokes NNS B-Disease
in IN O
women NNS O
ages NNS O
15 CD O
- SYM O
44 CD O
years NNS O
during IN O
a DT O
3 CD O
- HYPH O
year NN O
period NN O
using VBG O
hospital NN O
admission NN O
and CC O
discharge NN O
records NNS O
, , O
emergency NN O
department NN O
logs NNS O
, , O
and CC O
payment NN O
requests NNS O
for IN O
out IN O
- HYPH O
of IN O
- HYPH O
plan NN O
hospitalizations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
selected VBD O
controls NNS O
, , O
matched VBN O
on IN O
age NN O
and CC O
facility NN O
of IN O
usual JJ O
care NN O
, , O
at IN O
random NN O
from IN O
healthy JJ O
members NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
health NN O
plan NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
We PRP O
obtained VBD O
information NN O
in IN O
face NN O
- HYPH O
to IN O
- HYPH O
face NN O
interviews NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
There EX O
were VBD O
347 CD O
confirmed VBN O
stroke NN B-Disease
cases NNS O
and CC O
1 CD O
, , O
021 CD O
controls NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
univariate NN O
matched VBD O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
for IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
in IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
admitted VBD O
to IN O
using VBG O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
amphetamine NN O
was VBD O
8 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
= SYM O
3 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
- SYM O
20 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
After IN O
further JJ O
adjustment NN O
for IN O
potential JJ O
confounders NNS O
, , O
the DT O
odds NNS O
ratio NN O
in IN O
women NNS O
who WP O
reported VBD O
using VBG O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
amphetamine NN O
was VBD O
7 CD O
. . O
0 CD O
( SYM O
95 CD O
% NN O
confidence NN O
interval NN O
= SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
- SYM O
17 CD O
. . O
9 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
use NN O
of IN O
cocaine NN O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
amphetamine NN O
is VBZ O
a DT O
strong JJ O
risk NN O
factor NN O
for IN O
stroke NN B-Disease
in IN O
this DT O
socioeconomically RB O
heterogeneous JJ O
, , O
insured VBN O
urban JJ O
population NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
subsequent JJ O
to IN O
the DT O
administration NN O
of IN O
rifampicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
study NN O
of IN O
cases NNS O
reported VBN O
earlier RBR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
A DT O
clinical JJ O
presentation NN O
is VBZ O
made VBN O
of IN O
a DT O
2 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
year NN O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
of IN O
six CD O
cases NNS O
of IN O
acute JJ B-Disease
renal JJ I-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
that WDT O
have VBP O
been VBN O
reported VBN O
earlier RBR O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
patients NNS O
had VBD O
developed VBN O
transient JJ O
renal JJ B-Disease
failure NN I-Disease
after IN O
the DT O
intermittent JJ O
administration NN O
of IN O
rifampicin NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
stage NN O
of IN O
olig NN O
- HYPH O
anuria NN B-Disease
lasted VBD O
for IN O
1 CD O
- SYM O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
and CC O
five CD O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
treated VBN O
by IN O
hemodialysis NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Two CD O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
died VBD O
due IN O
to IN O
unrelated JJ O
causes NNS O
during IN O
the DT O
follow NN O
- HYPH O
up NN O
period NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
four CD O
patients NNS O
re RB O
- HYPH O
examined VBN O
were VBD O
clinically RB O
cured VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Pathologic JJ O
findings NNS O
by IN O
light JJ O
microscopy NN O
and CC O
immunofluorescence NN O
at IN O
biopsy NN O
were VBD O
scarce JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nothing NN O
abnormal JJ O
was VBD O
seen VBN O
by IN O
electron NN O
microscopy NN O
in IN O
two CD O
of IN O
the DT O
cases NNS O
studied VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Renal JJ O
function NN O
was VBD O
normal JJ O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
three CD O
cases NNS O
the DT O
excretion NN O
at IN O
131I CD O
- HYPH O
hippuran NN O
renography NN O
was VBD O
slightly RB O
slowed VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Although IN O
in IN O
the DT O
acute JJ O
stage NN O
the DT O
renal JJ B-Disease
lesions NNS I-Disease
histologically RB O
appeared VBD O
toxic JJ O
, , O
evidence NN O
suggestive JJ O
of IN O
an DT O
immunological JJ O
mechanism NN O
cannot MD O
be VB O
excluded VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Chronic JJ O
effects NNS O
of IN O
a DT O
novel JJ O
synthetic JJ O
anthracycline NN O
derivative JJ O
( -LRB- O
SM NN O
- HYPH O
5887 CD O
) -RRB- O
on IN O
normal JJ O
heart NN O
and CC O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
beagle NN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
This DT O
study NN O
was VBD O
designed VBN O
to TO O
investigate VB O
the DT O
chronic JJ O
cardiotoxic JJ B-Disease
potential NN O
of IN O
SM NNP O
- HYPH O
5887 CD O
and CC O
a DT O
possible JJ O
deteriorating VBG O
effect NN O
of IN O
SM NNP O
- HYPH O
5887 CD O
on IN O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
grade NN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
pre NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
by IN O
doxorubicin NN O
in IN O
beagle NN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
chronic JJ O
treatment NN O
, , O
beagle NN O
dogs NNS O
of IN O
each DT O
sex NN O
were VBD O
given VBN O
intravenously RB O
once RB O
every DT O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
, , O
either CC O
a DT O
sublethal JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
SM NN O
- HYPH O
5887 CD O
( SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
experiment NN O
was VBD O
terminated VBN O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
the DT O
ninth JJ O
dosing NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Animals NNS O
which WDT O
received VBD O
over IN O
six CD O
courses NNS O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
demonstrated VBD O
the DT O
electrocardiogram NN O
( , O
ECG NNP O
) -RRB- O
changes NNS O
, , O
decrease NN O
of IN O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
high JJ O
- HYPH O
grade NN O
histopathological JJ O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
while IN O
animals NNS O
which WDT O
were VBD O
terminally RB O
sacrificed VBN O
after IN O
the DT O
SM NNP O
- HYPH O
5887 CD O
administration NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
show VB O
any DT O
changes NNS O
in IN O
ECG NNP O
, , O
blood NN O
pressure NN O
and CC O
histopathological JJ O
examinations NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
To TO O
examine VB O
a DT O
possibly RB O
deteriorating VBG O
cardiotoxic JJ B-Disease
effect NN O
of IN O
SM NNP O
- HYPH O
5887 CD O
, , O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
grade NN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
was VBD O
induced VBN O
in IN O
dogs NNS O
by IN O
four CD O
courses NNS O
of IN O
doxorubicin NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Nine CD O
weeks NNS O
after IN O
pre NN O
- HYPH O
treatment NN O
, , O
dogs NNS O
were VBD O
given VBN O
four CD O
courses NNS O
of IN O
either CC O
doxorubicin NN O
( : O
1 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
or CC O
SM NN O
- HYPH O
5887 CD O
( SYM O
2 CD O
. . O
5 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
) -RRB- O
once RB O
every DT O
3 CD O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
low JJ O
- HYPH O
grade NN O
cardiotoxic JJ B-Disease
changes NNS O
were VBD O
enhanced VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
additional JJ O
doxorubicin NN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
On IN O
the DT O
contrary NN O
, , O
the DT O
SM NNP O
- HYPH O
5887 CD O
treatment NN O
did VBD O
not RB O
progress VB O
the DT O
grade NN O
of IN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
conclusion NN O
, , O
SM NNP O
- HYPH O
5887 CD O
does VBZ O
not RB O
have VB O
any DT O
potential NN O
of IN O
chronic JJ O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
and CC O
deteriorating VBG O
effect NN O
on IN O
doxorubicin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiotoxicity NN B-Disease
in IN O
dogs NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Risk NN O
for IN O
valvular JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
among IN O
users NNS O
of IN O
fenfluramine NN O
and CC O
dexfenfluramine NN O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
echocardiography NN O
before IN O
use NN O
of IN O
medication NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
BACKGROUND NN O
: : O
Because IN O
uncontrolled JJ O
echocardiographic JJ O
surveys NNS O
suggested VBD O
that IN O
up IN O
to TO O
30 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
38 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
users NNS O
of IN O
fenfluramine NN O
and CC O
dexfenfluramine NN O
had VBD O
valvular JJ B-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
, , O
these DT O
drugs NNS O
were VBD O
withdrawn VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
market NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
risk NN O
for IN O
new JJ O
or CC O
worsening VBG O
valvular JJ B-Disease
abnormalities NNS I-Disease
among IN O
users NNS O
of IN O
fenfluramine NN O
or CC O
dexfenfluramine NN O
who WP O
underwent VBD O
echocardiography NN O
before IN O
they PRP O
began VBD O
to TO O
take VB O
these DT O
medications NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
DESIGN NN O
: : O
Cohort NNP O
study NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
SETTING NN O
: : O
Academic JJ O
primary JJ O
care NN O
practices NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
PATIENTS NNS O
: : O
46 CD O
patients NNS O
who WP O
used VBD O
fenfluramine NN O
or CC O
dexfenfluramine NN O
for IN O
14 CD O
days NNS O
or CC O
more JJR O
and CC O
had VBD O
echocardiograms NNS O
obtained VBN O
before IN O
therapy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
MEASUREMENTS NNS O
: : O
Follow VB O
- HYPH O
up RP O
echocardiography NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
primary JJ O
outcome NN O
was VBD O
new JJ O
or CC O
worsening VBG O
valvulopathy NN B-Disease
, , O
defined VBN O
as IN O
progression NN O
of IN O
either CC O
aortic JJ B-Disease
or CC I-Disease
mitral JJ I-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
by IN O
at RB O
least RBS O
one CD O
degree NN O
of IN O
severity NN O
and CC O
disease NN O
that WDT O
met VBD O
U NNP O
. . O
S NNP O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Food NNP O
and CC O
Drug NNP O
Administration NNP O
criteria NNS O
( : O
at IN O
least JJS O
mild JJ O
aortic JJ B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
or CC O
moderate JJ O
mitral JJ B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
Two CD O
patients NNS O
( : O
4 CD O
. . O
3 CD O
% NN O
[ -LRB- O
95 CD O
% NN O
CI NN O
, , O
0 CD O
. . O
6 CD O
% NN O
to TO O
14 CD O
. . O
8 CD O
% NN O
] -RRB- O
) -RRB- O
receiving VBG O
fenfluramine NN O
- HYPH O
phentermine NN O
developed VBD O
valvular JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
One CD O
had VBD O
baseline NN O
bicuspid JJ B-Disease
aortic JJ I-Disease
valve NN I-Disease
and CC O
mild JJ O
aortic JJ B-Disease
regurgitation NN I-Disease
that WDT O
progressed VBD O
to IN O
moderate JJ O
regurgitation NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
second JJ O
patient NN O
developed VBD O
new JJ O
moderate JJ O
aortic JJ B-Disease
insufficiency NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
Users NNS O
of IN O
diet NN O
medications NNS O
are VBP O
at IN O
risk NN O
for IN O
valvular JJ B-Disease
heart NN I-Disease
disease NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
However RB O
, , O
the DT O
incidence NN O
may MD O
be VB O
lower JJR O
than IN O
that DT O
reported VBN O
previously RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Therapeutic JJ O
drug NN O
monitoring NN O
of IN O
tobramycin NN O
: : O
once RB O
- HYPH O
daily RB O
versus IN O
twice JJ O
- HYPH O
daily JJ O
dosage NN O
schedules NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
OBJECTIVE NN O
: : O
To TO O
evaluate VB O
the DT O
effect NN O
of IN O
dosage NN O
regimen NN O
( : O
once RB O
- HYPH O
daily JJ O
vs IN O
. . O
twice RB O
- HYPH O
daily JJ O
) -RRB- O
of IN O
tobramicyn NN O
on IN O
steady JJ O
- HYPH O
state NN O
serum NN O
concentrations NNS O
and CC O
toxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
MATERIALS NNS O
AND CC O
METHODS NNS O
: : O
Patients NNS O
undergoing VBG O
treatment NN O
with IN O
i PRP O
. . O
v NN O
. . O
tobramycin NN O
( : O
4 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
/ SYM O
day NN O
) -RRB- O
were VBD O
randomised VBN O
to IN O
two CD O
groups NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Group NN O
OD NN O
( : O
n NN O
= SYM O
22 CD O
) -RRB- O
received VBD O
a DT O
once RB O
- HYPH O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
of IN O
tobramycin NN O
and CC O
group NN O
TD NN O
( SYM O
n CD O
= SYM O
21 CD O
) -RRB- O
received VBD O
the DT O
same JJ O
dose NN O
divided VBN O
into IN O
two CD O
doses NNS O
daily RB O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Tobramycin NNP O
serum NN O
concentrations NNS O
( , O
peak NN O
and CC O
trough NN O
) , O
were VBD O
measured VBN O
by IN O
enzyme NN O
multiplied VBN O
immunoassay NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
renal JJ O
and CC O
auditory NN O
functions NNS O
of IN O
the DT O
patients NNS O
were VBD O
monitored VBN O
before IN O
, , O
during IN O
and CC O
immediately RB O
after IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
RESULTS NNS O
: : O
The DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
were VBD O
comparable JJ O
with IN O
respect NN O
to IN O
sex NN O
, , O
age NN O
, , O
body NN O
weight NN O
and CC O
renal JJ O
function NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
No DT O
statistically RB O
significant JJ O
differences NNS O
were VBD O
found VBN O
in IN O
mean JJ O
daily JJ O
dose NN O
, , O
duration NN O
of IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
or CC O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Trough JJ O
concentrations NNS O
were VBD O
< : O
2 CD O
g NNS O
/ SYM O
ml CD O
in IN O
the DT O
two CD O
groups NNS O
( : O
100 CD O
% NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Peak NN O
concentrations NNS O
were VBD O
> : O
6 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
ml CD O
in IN O
100 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
OD NN O
group NN O
and CC O
in IN O
67 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
the DT O
TD NNP O
group NN O
( : O
P NN O
< SYM O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Mean JJ O
peak NN O
concentrations NNS O
were VBD O
markedly RB O
different JJ O
: : O
11 CD O
. . O
00 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
2 CD O
. . O
89 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
in IN O
OD NN O
vs IN O
. . O
6 CD O
. . O
53 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
45 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NN O
in IN O
TD NN O
( : O
P NN O
< NN O
0 CD O
. . O
01 CD O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
pharmacokinetics NNS O
parameters NNS O
were VBD O
: : O
Ke NNP O
, , O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
15 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
03 CD O
/ SYM O
h CD O
in IN O
OD NN O
vs IN O
. . O
0 CD O
. . O
24 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
06 CD O
/ SYM O
h NN O
in IN O
TD NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
t1 CD O
/ SYM O
2 CD O
, , O
( , O
4 CD O
. . O
95 CD O
+ NN O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
1 CD O
. . O
41 CD O
h NN O
in IN O
OD NN O
vs NN O
. . O
3 CD O
. . O
07 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
71 CD O
h NN O
in IN O
TD NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
Vd NNP O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
35 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
11 CD O
l NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
in IN O
OD NN O
vs IN O
. . O
0 CD O
. . O
33 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
09 CD O
l NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
in IN O
TD NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
Cl NN O
( : O
0 CD O
. . O
86 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
29 CD O
ml NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
in IN O
OD NN O
vs IN O
. . O
1 CD O
. . O
28 CD O
+ NFP O
/ SYM O
- HYPH O
0 CD O
. . O
33 CD O
ml NN O
/ SYM O
min NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
in IN O
TD NN O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Increased JJ O
serum NN O
creatinine NN O
was VBD O
observed VBN O
in IN O
73 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
OD NN O
versus IN O
57 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
patients NNS O
in IN O
TD NN O
, , O
without IN O
evidence NN O
of IN O
nephrotoxicity NN B-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
TD NNP O
group NN O
, , O
three CD O
patients NNS O
developed VBD O
decreased VBN B-Disease
auditory JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
, , O
of IN O
which WDT O
one CD O
presented VBD O
with IN O
an DT O
auditory JJ B-Disease
loss NN I-Disease
of IN O
- HYPH O
30 CD O
dB NN O
, , O
whereas IN O
in IN O
the DT O
OD NN O
group NN O
only RB O
one CD O
patient NN O
presented VBD O
decreased VBN B-Disease
auditory JJ I-Disease
function NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
CONCLUSION NN O
: : O
This DT O
small JJ O
study NN O
suggests VBZ O
that IN O
a DT O
once RB O
- HYPH O
daily JJ O
dosing NN O
regimen NN O
of IN O
tobramycin NN O
is VBZ O
at IN O
least JJS O
as RB O
effective JJ O
as IN O
and CC O
is VBZ O
no DT O
more RBR O
and CC O
possibly RB O
less RBR O
toxic JJ O
than IN O
the DT O
twice JJ O
- HYPH O
daily JJ O
regimen NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Using VBG O
a DT O
single JJ O
- HYPH O
dose NN O
therapy NN O
, , O
peak NN O
concentration NN O
determination NN O
is VBZ O
not RB O
necessary JJ O
, , O
only RB O
trough NN O
samples NNS O
should MD O
be VB O
monitored VBN O
to TO O
ensure VB O
levels NNS O
below IN O
2 CD O
microg NN O
/ SYM O
ml NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Enhanced VBN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
in IN O
rats NNS O
pretreated VBD O
with IN O
isoniazid NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
High JJ O
doses NNS O
of IN O
isoniazid NN O
increase VBP O
hypotension NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
vasodilators NNS O
and CC O
change VBP O
the DT O
accompanying VBG O
reflex NN O
tachycardia NN B-Disease
to IN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
an DT O
interaction NN O
attributed VBN O
to IN O
decreased VBN O
synthesis NN O
of IN O
brain NN O
gamma NN O
- HYPH O
aminobutyric JJ O
acid NN O
( -LRB- O
GABA NNP O
) -RRB- O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
the DT O
present JJ O
study NN O
, , O
the DT O
possible JJ O
enhancement NN O
by IN O
isoniazid NN O
of IN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
induced VBN O
by IN O
beta NN O
- HYPH O
adrenoceptor NN O
antagonists NNS O
was VBD O
determined VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
anaesthetised VBN O
with IN O
chloralose NN O
- HYPH O
urethane NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Isoniazid NNP O
significantly RB O
increased VBD O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
after IN O
propranolol NN O
, , O
pindolol NN O
, , O
labetalol NN O
and CC O
atenolol NN O
, , O
as RB O
well RB O
as IN O
after IN O
clonidine NN O
, , O
but CC O
not RB O
after IN O
hexamethonium NN O
or CC O
carbachol NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Enhancement NN O
was VBD O
not RB O
observed VBN O
in IN O
rats NNS O
pretreated VBN O
with IN O
methylatropine NN O
or CC O
previously RB O
vagotomised VBN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
These DT O
results NNS O
are VBP O
compatible JJ O
with IN O
interference NN O
by IN O
isoniazid NN O
with IN O
GABAergic JJ O
inhibition NN O
of IN O
cardiac JJ O
parasympathetic JJ O
tone NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
interference NN O
could MD O
be VB O
exerted VBN O
centrally RB O
, , O
possibly RB O
at IN O
the DT O
nucleus NN O
ambiguus NN O
, , O
or CC O
peripherally RB O
at IN O
the DT O
sinus NN O
node NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Structural JJ B-Disease
and CC I-Disease
functional JJ I-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
of IN I-Disease
mitochondria NN I-Disease
in IN O
adriamycin NN O
- HYPH O
induced VBN O
cardiomyopathy NN B-Disease
in IN O
mice NNS O
: : O
suppression NN O
of IN O
cytochrome NN O
c NN O
oxidase NN O
II NN O
gene NN O
expression NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
The DT O
use NN O
of IN O
adriamycin NN O
( -LRB- O
ADR NN O
) -RRB- O
in IN O
cancer NN B-Disease
chemotherapy NN O
has VBZ O
been VBN O
limited VBN O
due IN O
to IN O
its PRP$ O
cumulative JJ O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
toxicity NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
Earlier JJR O
observations NNS O
that WDT O
ADR NNP O
interacts VBZ O
with IN O
mitochondrial JJ O
cytochrome NN O
c NN O
oxidase NN O
( , O
COX NNP O
) -RRB- O
and CC O
suppresses VBZ O
its PRP$ O
enzyme NN O
activity NN O
led VBD O
us PRP O
to TO O
investigate VB O
ADR NNP O
' POS O
s POS O
action NN O
on IN O
the DT O
cardiovascular JJ O
functions NNS O
and CC O
heart NN O
mitochondrial JJ O
morphology NN O
in IN O
Balb NNP O
- HYPH O
c NN O
mice NNS O
i CD O
. . O
p UH O
. . O
treated VBN O
with IN O
ADR NNP O
for IN O
several JJ O
weeks NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
At IN O
various JJ O
times NNS O
during IN O
treatment NN O
, , O
the DT O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
assessed VBN O
for IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
functions NNS O
by IN O
electrocardiography NN O
and CC O
for IN O
heart NN O
tissue NN O
damage NN O
by IN O
electron NN O
microscopy NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
In IN O
parallel NN O
, , O
total JJ O
RNA NNP O
was VBD O
extracted VBN O
from IN O
samples NNS O
of IN O
dissected VBN O
heart NN O
and CC O
analyzed VBN O
by IN O
Northern NNP O
blot NN O
hybridization NN O
to TO O
determine VB O
the DT O
steady JJ O
- HYPH O
state NN O
level NN O
of IN O
three CD O
RNA NNP O
transcripts NNS O
encoded VBN O
by IN O
the DT O
COXII NNP O
, , O
COXIII NNP O
, , O
and CC O
COXIV NNP O
genes NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Similarly RB O
, , O
samples NNS O
obtained VBN O
from IN O
the DT O
liver NN O
of IN O
the DT O
same JJ O
animals NNS O
were VBD O
analyzed VBN O
for IN O
comparative JJ O
studies NNS O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Our PRP$ O
results NNS O
indicated VBD O
that IN O
1 CD O
) , O
treatment NN O
of IN O
mice NNS O
with IN O
ADR NNP O
caused VBD O
cardiovascular JJ B-Disease
arrhythmias NNS I-Disease
characterized VBN O
by IN O
bradycardia NN B-Disease
, , O
extension NN O
of IN O
ventricular JJ O
depolarization NN O
time NN O
( , O
tQRS NN O
) -RRB- O
, , O
and CC O
failure NN O
of IN O
QRS NNP O
at IN O
high JJ O
concentrations NNS O
( , O
10 CD O
- SYM O
14 CD O
mg NN O
/ SYM O
kg NN O
body NN O
weight NN O
cumulative JJ O
dose NN O
) -RRB- O
; : O
2 CD O
) SYM O
the DT O
heart NN O
mitochondria NN O
underwent VBD O
swelling NN B-Disease
, , O
fusion NN O
, , O
dissolution NN O
, , O
and CC O
/ SYM O
or CC O
disruption NN O
of IN O
mitochondrial JJ O
cristae NN O
after IN O
several JJ O
weeks NNS O
of IN O
treatment NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Such JJ O
abnormalities NNS O
were VBD O
not RB O
observed VBN O
in IN O
the DT O
mitochondria NN O
of IN O
liver NN O
tissue NN O
; : O
and CC O
3 CD O
) , O
among IN O
the DT O
three CD O
genes NNS O
of IN O
COX NNP O
enzyme NN O
examined VBN O
, , O
only RB O
COXII NNP O
gene NN O
expression NN O
was VBD O
suppressed VBN O
by IN O
ADR NNP O
treatment NN O
, , O
mainly RB O
after IN O
8 CD O
weeks NNS O
in IN O
both CC O
heart NN O
and CC O
liver NN O
. . O
null null null-Disease
Knowing VBG O
that IN O
heart NN O
mitochondria NN O
represent VBP O
almost RB O
40 CD O
% NN O
of IN O
heart NN O
muscle NN O
by IN O
weight NN O
, , O
we PRP O
conclude VBP O
that IN O
the DT O
deteriorating VBG O
effects NNS O
of IN O
ADR NNP O
on IN O
cardiovascular JJ O
function NN O
involve VBP O
mitochondrial JJ B-Disease
structural JJ I-Disease
and CC I-Disease
functional JJ I-Disease
impairment NN I-Disease
. . O
null null null-Disease
